My fellow citizens:

I stand here today humbled by the task before us, grateful for the trust you have bestowed, mindful of the sacrifices borne by our ancestors. I thank President Bush for his service to our nation, as well as the generosity and cooperation he has shown throughout this transition.

Forty-four Americans have now taken the presidential oath. The words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace. Yet, every so often the oath is taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms. At these moments, America has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office, but because We the People have remained faithful to the ideals of our forbearers, and true to our founding documents.

So it has been. So it must be with this generation of Americans.

That we are in the midst of crisis is now well understood. Our nation is at war, against a far-reaching network of violence and hatred. Our economy is badly weakened, a consequence of greed and irresponsibility on the part of some, but also our collective failure to make hard choices and prepare the nation for a new age. Homes have been lost; jobs shed; businesses shuttered. Our health care is too costly; our schools fail too many; and each day brings further evidence that the ways we use energy strengthen our adversaries and threaten our planet.

These are the indicators of crisis, subject to data and statistics. Less measurable but no less profound is a sapping of confidence across our land - a nagging fear that America's decline is inevitable, and that the next generation must lower its sights.

Today I say to you that the challenges we face are real. They are serious and they are many. They will not be met easily or in a short span of time. But know this, America - they will be met.

On this day, we gather because we have chosen hope over fear, unity of purpose over conflict and discord.

On this day, we come to proclaim an end to the petty grievances and false promises, the recriminations and worn out dogmas, that for far too long have strangled our politics.

We remain a young nation, but in the words of Scripture, the time has come to set aside childish things. The time has come to reaffirm our enduring spirit; to choose our better history; to carry forward that precious gift, that noble idea, passed on from generation to generation: the God-given promise that all are equal, all are free, and all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness.

In reaffirming the greatness of our nation, we understand that greatness is never a given. It must be earned. Our journey has never been one of short-cuts or settling for less. It has not been the path for the faint-hearted - for those who prefer leisure over work, or seek only the pleasures of riches and fame. Rather, it has been the risk-takers, the doers, the makers of things - some celebrated but more often men and women obscure in their labor, who have carried us up the long, rugged path towards prosperity and freedom.

For us, they packed up their few worldly possessions and traveled across oceans in search of a new life.

For us, they toiled in sweatshops and settled the West; endured the lash of the whip and plowed the hard earth.

For us, they fought and died, in places like Concord and Gettysburg; Normandy and Khe Sahn.

Time and again these men and women struggled and sacrificed and worked till their hands were raw so that we might live a better life. They saw America as bigger than the sum of our individual ambitions; greater than all the differences of birth or wealth or faction.

This is the journey we continue today. We remain the most prosperous, powerful nation on Earth. Our workers are no less productive than when this crisis began. Our minds are no less inventive, our goods and services no less needed than they were last week or last month or last year. Our capacity remains undiminished. But our time of standing pat, of protecting narrow interests and putting off unpleasant decisions - that time has surely passed. Starting today, we must pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and begin again the work of remaking America.

For everywhere we look, there is work to be done. The state of the economy calls for action, bold and swift, and we will act - not only to create new jobs, but to lay a new foundation for growth. We will build the roads and bridges, the electric grids and digital lines that feed our commerce and bind us together. We will restore science to its rightful place, and wield technology's wonders to raise health care's quality and lower its cost. We will harness the sun and the winds and the soil to fuel our cars and run our factories. And we will transform our schools and colleges and universities to meet the demands of a new age. All this we can do. And all this we will do.

Now, there are some who question the scale of our ambitions - who suggest that our system cannot tolerate too many big plans. Their memories are short. For they have forgotten what this country has already done; what free men and women can achieve when imagination is joined to common purpose, and necessity to courage.

What the cynics fail to understand is that the ground has shifted beneath them - that the stale political arguments that have consumed us for so long no longer apply. The question we ask today is not whether our government is too big or too small, but whether it works - whether it helps families find jobs at a decent wage, care they can afford, a retirement that is dignified. Where the answer is yes, we intend to move forward. Where the answer is no, programs will end. And those of us who manage the public's dollars will be held to account - to spend wisely, reform bad habits, and do our business in the light of day - because only then can we restore the vital trust between a people and their government.
Nor is the question before us whether the market is a force for good or ill. Its power to generate wealth and expand freedom is unmatched, but this crisis has reminded us that without a watchful eye, the market can spin out of control - and that a nation cannot prosper long when it favors only the prosperous. The success of our economy has always depended not just on the size of our Gross Domestic Product, but on the reach of our prosperity; on the ability to extend opportunity to every willing heart - not out of charity, but because it is the surest route to our common good.

As for our common defense, we reject as false the choice between our safety and our ideals. Our Founding Fathers, faced with perils we can scarcely imagine, drafted a charter to assure the rule of law and the rights of man, a charter expanded by the blood of generations. Those ideals still light the world, and we will not give them up for expedience's sake. And so to all other peoples and governments who are watching today, from the grandest capitals to the small village where my father was born: know that America is a friend of each nation and every man, woman, and child who seeks a future of peace and dignity, and we are ready to lead once more.

Recall that earlier generations faced down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks, but with the sturdy alliances and enduring convictions. They understood that our power alone cannot protect us, nor does it entitle us to do as we please. Instead, they knew that our power grows through its prudent use; our security emanates from the justness of our cause, the force of our example, the tempering qualities of humility and restraint.

We are the keepers of this legacy. Guided by these principles once more, we can meet those new threats that demand even greater effort - even greater cooperation and understanding between nations. We will begin to responsibly leave Iraq to its people, and forge a hard-earned peace in Afghanistan. With old friends and former foes, we’ll work tirelessly to lessen the nuclear threat, and roll back the specter of a warming planet. We will not apologize for our way of life, nor will we waver in its defense, and for those who seek to advance their aims by inducing terror and slaughtering innocents, we say to you now that our spirit is stronger and cannot be broken; you cannot outlast us, and we will defeat you.

For we know that our patchwork heritage is a strength, not a weakness. We are a nation of Christians and Muslims, Jews and Hindus - and non-believers. We are shaped by every language and culture, drawn from every end of this Earth; and because we have tasted the bitter swill of civil war and segregation, and emerged from that dark chapter stronger and more united, we cannot help but believe that the old hatreds shall someday pass; that the lines of tribe shall soon dissolve; that as the world grows smaller, our common humanity shall reveal itself; and that America must play its role in ushering in a new era of peace.

To the Muslim world, we seek a new way forward, based on mutual interest and mutual respect. To those leaders around the globe who seek to sow conflict, or blame their society's ills on the West - know that your people will judge you on what you can build, not what you destroy. To those who cling to power through corruption and deceit and the silencing of dissent, know that you are on the wrong side of history; but that we will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.

To the people of poor nations, we pledge to work alongside you to make your farms flourish and let clean waters flow; to nourish starved bodies and feed hungry minds. And to those nations like ours that enjoy relative plenty, we say we can no longer afford indifference to the suffering outside our borders; nor can we consume the world's resources without regard to effect. For the world has changed, and we must change with it.

As we consider the road that unfolds before us, we remember with humble gratitude those brave Americans who, at this very hour, patrol far-off deserts and distant mountains. They have something to tell us, just as the fallen heroes who lie in Arlington whisper through the ages. We honor them not only because they are guardians of our liberty, but because they embody the spirit of service; a willingness to find meaning in something greater than themselves. And yet, at this moment - a moment that will define a generation - it is precisely this spirit that must inhabit us all.

For as much as government can do and must do, it is ultimately the faith and determination of the American people upon which this nation relies. It is the kindness to take in a stranger when the levees break, the selflessness of workers who would rather cut their hours than see a friend lose their job which sees us through our darkest hours. It is the firefighter's courage to storm a stairway filled with smoke, but also a parent's willingness to nurture a child, that finally decides our fate.

Our challenges may be new. The instruments with which we meet them may be new. But those values upon which our success depends - honesty and hard work, courage and fair play, tolerance and curiosity, loyalty and patriotism - these things are old. These things are true. They have been the quiet force of progress throughout our history. What is demanded then is a return to these truths. What is required of us now is a new era of responsibility - a recognition, on the part of every American, that we have duties to ourselves, our nation, and the world, duties that we do not grudgingly accept but rather seize gladly, firm in the knowledge that there is nothing so satisfying to the spirit, so defining of our character, than giving our all to a difficult task.

This is the price and the promise of citizenship.

This is the source of our confidence - the knowledge that God calls on us to shape an uncertain destiny.

This is the meaning of our liberty and our creed - why men and women and children of every race and every faith can join in celebration across this magnificent mall, and why a man whose father less than sixty years ago might not have been served at a local restaurant can now stand before you to take a most sacred oath.

So let us mark this day with remembrance, of who we are and how far we have traveled. In the year of America's birth, in the coldest of months, a small band of patriots huddled by dying campfires on the shores of an icy river. The capital was abandoned. The enemy was advancing. The snow was stained with blood. At a moment when the outcome of our revolution was most in doubt, the father of our nation ordered these words be read to the people:
"Let it be told to the future world...that in the depth of winter, when nothing but hope and virtue could survive...that the city and the country, alarmed at one common danger, came forth to meet [it]."

America. In the face of our common dangers, in this winter of our hardship, let us remember these timeless words. With hope and virtue, let us brave once more the icy currents, and endure what storms may come. Let it be said by our children's children that when we were tested we refused to let this journey end, that we did not turn back nor did we falter; and with eyes fixed on the horizon and God's grace upon us, we carried forth that great gift of freedom and delivered it safely to future generations.

If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time; who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.

It’s the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen; by people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the very first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different; that their voice could be that difference.

It’s the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled – Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been a collection of Red States and Blue States: we are, and always will be, the United States of America.

It’s the answer that led those who have been told for so long by so many to be cynical, and fearful, and doubtful of what we can achieve to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.

It’s been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.

I just received a very gracious call from Senator McCain. He fought long and hard in this campaign, and he’s fought even longer and harder for the country he loves. He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine, and we are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader. I congratulate him and Governor Palin for all they have achieved, and I look forward to working with them to renew this nation’s promise in the months ahead.

I want to thank my partner in this journey, a man who campaigned from his heart and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton and rode with on that train home to Delaware, the Vice President-elect of the United States, Joe Biden.

I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last sixteen years, the rock of our family and the love of my life, our nation’s next First Lady, Michelle Obama. Sasha and Malia, I love you both so much, and you have earned the new puppy that’s coming with us to the White House. And while she’s no longer with us, I know my grandmother is watching, along with the family that made me who I am. I miss them tonight, and know that my debt to them is beyond measure.

To my campaign manager David Plouffe, my chief strategist David Axelrod, and the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics – you made this happen, and I am forever grateful for what you’ve sacrificed to get it done.

But above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to – it belongs to you.

I was never the likeliest candidate for this office. We didn’t start with much money or many endorsements. Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington – it began in the backyards of Des Moines and the living rooms of Concord and the front porches of Charleston.

It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give five dollars and ten dollars and twenty dollars to this cause. It grew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation’s apathy; who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep; from the not-so-young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on the doors of perfect strangers; from the millions of Americans who volunteered, and organized, and proved that more than two centuries later, a government of the people, by the people and for the people has not perished from this Earth. This is your victory. I know you didn’t do this just to win an election and I know you didn’t do it for me. You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime – two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century. Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan to risk their lives for us. There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after their children fall asleep and wonder how they’ll make the mortgage, or pay their doctor’s bills, or save enough for college. There is new energy to harness and new jobs to be created; new schools to build and threats to meet and alliances to repair.

The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even one term, but America – I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there. I promise you – we as a people will get there.

There will be setbacks and false starts. There are many who won’t agree with every decision or policy I make as President, and we know that government can’t solve every problem. But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And above all, I will ask you join in the work of remaking this nation the only way it’s been done in America for two-hundred and twenty-one years – block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.

What began twenty-one months ago in the depths of winter must not end on this autumn night. This victory alone is not the change we seek – it is only the chance for us to make that change. And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were. It cannot happen without you.

So let us summon a new spirit of patriotism; of service and responsibility where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves, but each other. Let us remember that if this financial crisis taught us anything, it’s that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers – in this country, we rise or fall as one nation; as one people.

Let us resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long. Let us remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the Republican Party to the White House – a party founded on the values of self-reliance, individual liberty, and national unity. Those are values we all share, and while the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress. As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, “We are not enemies, but friends…though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection.” And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn – I may not have won your vote, but I hear your voices, I need your help, and I will be your President too.

And to all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of our world – our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand. To those who would tear this world down – we will defeat you. To those who seek peace and security – we support you. And to all those who have wondered if America’s beacon still burns as bright – tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from our the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity, and unyielding hope.

For that is the true genius of America – that America can change. Our union can be perfected. And what we have already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.

This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations. But one that’s on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta. She’s a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing – Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old.

She was born just a generation past slavery; a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky; when someone like her couldn’t vote for two reasons – because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin.

And tonight, I think about all that she’s seen throughout her century in America – the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can’t, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can.

At a time when women’s voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot. Yes we can.

When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs and a new sense of common purpose. Yes we can.

When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world, she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness and a democracy was saved. Yes we can.

She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that “We Shall Overcome.” Yes we can.

A man touched down on the moon, a wall came down in Berlin, a world was connected by our own science and imagination. And this year, in this election, she touched her finger to a screen, and cast her vote, because after 106 years in America, through the best of times and the darkest of hours, she knows how America can change. Yes we can.

America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves – if our children should live to see the next century; if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made?

This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment. This is our time – to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American Dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth – that out of many, we are one; that while we breathe, we hope, and where we are met with cynicism, and doubt, and those who tell us that we can’t, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people:

If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time; who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.

It’s the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen; by people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the very first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different; that their voice could be that difference.

It’s the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled – Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been a collection of Red States and Blue States: we are, and always will be, the United States of America.

It’s the answer that led those who have been told for so long by so many to be cynical, and fearful, and doubtful of what we can achieve to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.

It’s been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.

I just received a very gracious call from Senator McCain. He fought long and hard in this campaign, and he’s fought even longer and harder for the country he loves. He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine, and we are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader. I congratulate him and Governor Palin for all they have achieved, and I look forward to working with them to renew this nation’s promise in the months ahead.

I want to thank my partner in this journey, a man who campaigned from his heart and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton and rode with on that train home to Delaware, the Vice President-elect of the United States, Joe Biden.

I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last sixteen years, the rock of our family and the love of my life, our nation’s next First Lady, Michelle Obama. Sasha and Malia, I love you both so much, and you have earned the new puppy that’s coming with us to the White House. And while she’s no longer with us, I know my grandmother is watching, along with the family that made me who I am. I miss them tonight, and know that my debt to them is beyond measure.

To my campaign manager David Plouffe, my chief strategist David Axelrod, and the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics – you made this happen, and I am forever grateful for what you’ve sacrificed to get it done.

But above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to – it belongs to you.

I was never the likeliest candidate for this office. We didn’t start with much money or many endorsements. Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington – it began in the backyards of Des Moines and the living rooms of Concord and the front porches of Charleston.

It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give five dollars and ten dollars and twenty dollars to this cause. It grew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation’s apathy; who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep; from the not-so-young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on the doors of perfect strangers; from the millions of Americans who volunteered, and organized, and proved that more than two centuries later, a government of the people, by the people and for the people has not perished from this Earth. This is your victory. I know you didn’t do this just to win an election and I know you didn’t do it for me. You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime – two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century. Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan to risk their lives for us. There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after their children fall asleep and wonder how they’ll make the mortgage, or pay their doctor’s bills, or save enough for college. There is new energy to harness and new jobs to be created; new schools to build and threats to meet and alliances to repair.

The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even one term, but America – I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there. I promise you – we as a people will get there.

There will be setbacks and false starts. There are many who won’t agree with every decision or policy I make as President, and we know that government can’t solve every problem. But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And above all, I will ask you join in the work of remaking this nation the only way it’s been done in America for two-hundred and twenty-one years – block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.

What began twenty-one months ago in the depths of winter must not end on this autumn night. This victory alone is not the change we seek – it is only the chance for us to make that change. And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were. It cannot happen without you.

So let us summon a new spirit of patriotism; of service and responsibility where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves, but each other. Let us remember that if this financial crisis taught us anything, it’s that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers – in this country, we rise or fall as one nation; as one people.

Let us resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long. Let us remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the Republican Party to the White House – a party founded on the values of self-reliance, individual liberty, and national unity. Those are values we all share, and while the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress. As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, “We are not enemies, but friends…though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection.” And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn – I may not have won your vote, but I hear your voices, I need your help, and I will be your President too.

And to all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of our world – our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand. To those who would tear this world down – we will defeat you. To those who seek peace and security – we support you. And to all those who have wondered if America’s beacon still burns as bright – tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from our the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity, and unyielding hope.

For that is the true genius of America – that America can change. Our union can be perfected. And what we have already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.

This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations. But one that’s on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta. She’s a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing – Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old.

She was born just a generation past slavery; a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky; when someone like her couldn’t vote for two reasons – because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin.

And tonight, I think about all that she’s seen throughout her century in America – the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can’t, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can.

At a time when women’s voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot. Yes we can.

When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs and a new sense of common purpose. Yes we can.

When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world, she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness and a democracy was saved. Yes we can.

She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that “We Shall Overcome.” Yes we can.

A man touched down on the moon, a wall came down in Berlin, a world was connected by our own science and imagination. And this year, in this election, she touched her finger to a screen, and cast her vote, because after 106 years in America, through the best of times and the darkest of hours, she knows how America can change. Yes we can.

America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves – if our children should live to see the next century; if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made?

This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment. This is our time – to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American Dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth – that out of many, we are one; that while we breathe, we hope, and where we are met with cynicism, and doubt, and those who tell us that we can’t, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people:

With profound gratitude and great humility, I accept your nomination for the presidency of the United States.

Let me express my thanks to the historic slate of candidates who accompanied me on this journey, and especially the one who traveled the farthest - a champion for working Americans and an inspiration to my daughters and to yours -- Hillary Rodham Clinton. To President Clinton, who last night made the case for change as only he can make it; to Ted Kennedy, who embodies the spirit of service; and to the next Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, I thank you. I am grateful to finish this journey with one of the finest statesmen of our time, a man at ease with everyone from world leaders to the conductors on the Amtrak train he still takes home every night.

To the love of my life, our next First Lady, Michelle Obama, and to Sasha and Malia - I love you so much, and I'm so proud of all of you.

Four years ago, I stood before you and told you my story - of the brief union between a young man from Kenya and a young woman from Kansas who weren't well-off or well-known, but shared a belief that in America, their son could achieve whatever he put his mind to.

It is that promise that has always set this country apart - that through hard work and sacrifice, each of us can pursue our individual dreams but still come together as one American family, to ensure that the next generation can pursue their dreams as well.

That's why I stand here tonight. Because for two hundred and thirty two years, at each moment when that promise was in jeopardy, ordinary men and women - students and soldiers, farmers and teachers, nurses and janitors -- found the courage to keep it alive.

We meet at one of those defining moments - a moment when our nation is at war, our economy is in turmoil, and the American promise has been threatened once more.

Tonight, more Americans are out of work and more are working harder for less. More of you have lost your homes and even more are watching your home values plummet. More of you have cars you can't afford to drive, credit card bills you can't afford to pay, and tuition that's beyond your reach.

These challenges are not all of government's making. But the failure to respond is a direct result of a broken politics in Washington and the failed policies of George W. Bush.

America, we are better than these last eight years. We are a better country than this.

This country is more decent than one where a woman in Ohio, on the brink of retirement, finds herself one illness away from disaster after a lifetime of hard work.

This country is more generous than one where a man in Indiana has to pack up the equipment he's worked on for twenty years and watch it shipped off to China, and then chokes up as he explains how he felt like a failure when he went home to tell his family the news.

We are more compassionate than a government that lets veterans sleep on our streets and families slide into poverty; that sits on its hands while a major American city drowns before our eyes.

Tonight, I say to the American people, to Democrats and Republicans and Independents across this great land - enough! This moment - this election - is our chance to keep, in the 21st century, the American promise alive. Because next week, in Minnesota, the same party that brought you two terms of George Bush and Dick Cheney will ask this country for a third. And we are here because we love this country too much to let the next four years look like the last eight. On November 4th, we must stand up and say: "Eight is enough."

Now let there be no doubt. The Republican nominee, John McCain, has worn the uniform of our country with bravery and distinction, and for that we owe him our gratitude and respect. And next week, we'll also hear about those occasions when he's broken with his party as evidence that he can deliver the change that we need.

But the record's clear: John McCain has voted with George Bush ninety percent of the time. Senator McCain likes to talk about judgment, but really, what does it say about your judgment when you think George Bush has been right more than ninety percent of the time? I don't know about you, but I'm not ready to take a ten percent chance on change.

The truth is, on issue after issue that would make a difference in your lives - on health care and education and the economy - Senator McCain has been anything but independent. He said that our economy has made "great progress" under this President. He said that the fundamentals of the economy are strong. And when one of his chief advisors - the man who wrote his economic plan - was talking about the anxiety Americans are feeling, he said that we were just suffering from a "mental recession," and that we've become, and I quote, "a nation of whiners."

A nation of whiners? Tell that to the proud auto workers at a Michigan plant who, after they found out it was closing, kept showing up every day and working as hard as ever, because they knew there were people who counted on the brakes that they made. Tell that to the military families who shoulder their burdens silently as they watch their loved ones leave for their third or fourth or fifth tour of duty. These are not whiners. They work hard and give back and keep going without complaint. These are the Americans that I know.

Now, I don't believe that Senator McCain doesn't care what's going on in the lives of Americans. I just think he doesn't know. Why else would he define middle-class as someone making under five million dollars a year? How else could he propose hundreds of billions in tax breaks for big corporations and oil companies but not one penny of tax relief to more than one hundred million Americans? How else could he offer a health care plan that would actually tax people's benefits, or an education plan that would do nothing to help families pay for college, or a plan that would privatize Social Security and gamble your retirement?

It's not because John McCain doesn't care. It's because John McCain doesn't get it.

For over two decades, he's subscribed to that old, discredited Republican philosophy - give more and more to those with the most and hope that prosperity trickles down to everyone else. In Washington, they call this the Ownership Society, but what it really means is - you're on your own. Out of work? Tough luck. No health care? The market will fix it. Born into poverty? Pull yourself up by your own bootstraps - even if you don't have boots. You're on your own.

Well it's time for them to own their failure. It's time for us to change America.

You see, we Democrats have a very different measure of what constitutes progress in this country.

We measure progress by how many people can find a job that pays the mortgage; whether you can put a little extra money away at the end of each month so you can someday watch your child receive her college diploma. We measure progress in the 23 million new jobs that were created when Bill Clinton was President - when the average American family saw its income go up $7,500 instead of down $2,000 like it has under George Bush.

We measure the strength of our economy not by the number of billionaires we have or the profits of the Fortune 500, but by whether someone with a good idea can take a risk and start a new business, or whether the waitress who lives on tips can take a day off to look after a sick kid without losing her job - an economy that honors the dignity of work.

The fundamentals we use to measure economic strength are whether we are living up to that fundamental promise that has made this country great - a promise that is the only reason I am standing here tonight.

Because in the faces of those young veterans who come back from Iraq and Afghanistan, I see my grandfather, who signed up after Pearl Harbor, marched in Patton's Army, and was rewarded by a grateful nation with the chance to go to college on the GI Bill.

In the face of that young student who sleeps just three hours before working the night shift, I think about my mom, who raised my sister and me on her own while she worked and earned her degree; who once turned to food stamps but was still able to send us to the best schools in the country with the help of student loans and scholarships.

When I listen to another worker tell me that his factory has shut down, I remember all those men and women on the South Side of Chicago who I stood by and fought for two decades ago after the local steel plant closed.

And when I hear a woman talk about the difficulties of starting her own business, I think about my grandmother, who worked her way up from the secretarial pool to middle-management, despite years of being passed over for promotions because she was a woman. She's the one who taught me about hard work. She's the one who put off buying a new car or a new dress for herself so that I could have a better life. She poured everything she had into me. And although she can no longer travel, I know that she's watching tonight, and that tonight is her night as well.

I don't know what kind of lives John McCain thinks that celebrities lead, but this has been mine. These are my heroes. Theirs are the stories that shaped me. And it is on their behalf that I intend to win this election and keep our promise alive as President of the United States.

What is that promise?

It's a promise that says each of us has the freedom to make of our own lives what we will, but that we also have the obligation to treat each other with dignity and respect.

It's a promise that says the market should reward drive and innovation and generate growth, but that businesses should live up to their responsibilities to create American jobs, look out for American workers, and play by the rules of the road.

Ours is a promise that says government cannot solve all our problems, but what it should do is that which we cannot do for ourselves - protect us from harm and provide every child a decent education; keep our water clean and our toys safe; invest in new schools and new roads and new science and technology.

Our government should work for us, not against us. It should help us, not hurt us. It should ensure opportunity not just for those with the most money and influence, but for every American who's willing to work.

That's the promise of America - the idea that we are responsible for ourselves, but that we also rise or fall as one nation; the fundamental belief that I am my brother's keeper; I am my sister's keeper.

That's the promise we need to keep. That's the change we need right now. So let me spell out exactly what that change would mean if I am President.

Change means a tax code that doesn't reward the lobbyists who wrote it, but the American workers and small businesses who deserve it.

Unlike John McCain, I will stop giving tax breaks to corporations that ship jobs overseas, and I will start giving them to companies that create good jobs right here in America.

I will eliminate capital gains taxes for the small businesses and the start-ups that will create the high-wage, high-tech jobs of tomorrow.

I will cut taxes - cut taxes - for 95% of all working families. Because in an economy like this, the last thing we should do is raise taxes on the middle-class.

And for the sake of our economy, our security, and the future of our planet, I will set a clear goal as President: in ten years, we will finally end our dependence on oil from the Middle East.

Washington's been talking about our oil addiction for the last thirty years, and John McCain has been there for twenty-six of them. In that time, he's said no to higher fuel-efficiency standards for cars, no to investments in renewable energy, no to renewable fuels. And today, we import triple the amount of oil as the day that Senator McCain took office.

Now is the time to end this addiction, and to understand that drilling is a stop-gap measure, not a long-term solution. Not even close.

As President, I will tap our natural gas reserves, invest in clean coal technology, and find ways to safely harness nuclear power. I'll help our auto companies re-tool, so that the fuel-efficient cars of the future are built right here in America. I'll make it easier for the American people to afford these new cars. And I'll invest 150 billion dollars over the next decade in affordable, renewable sources of energy - wind power and solar power and the next generation of biofuels; an investment that will lead to new industries and five million new jobs that pay well and can't ever be outsourced.

America, now is not the time for small plans.

Now is the time to finally meet our moral obligation to provide every child a world-class education, because it will take nothing less to compete in the global economy. Michelle and I are only here tonight because we were given a chance at an education. And I will not settle for an America where some kids don't have that chance. I'll invest in early childhood education. I'll recruit an army of new teachers, and pay them higher salaries and give them more support. And in exchange, I'll ask for higher standards and more accountability. And we will keep our promise to every young American - if you commit to serving your community or your country, we will make sure you can afford a college education.

Now is the time to finally keep the promise of affordable, accessible health care for every single American. If you have health care, my plan will lower your premiums. If you don't, you'll be able to get the same kind of coverage that members of Congress give themselves. And as someone who watched my mother argue with insurance companies while she lay in bed dying of cancer, I will make certain those companies stop discriminating against those who are sick and need care the most.

Now is the time to help families with paid sick days and better family leave, because nobody in America should have to choose between keeping their jobs and caring for a sick child or ailing parent.

Now is the time to change our bankruptcy laws, so that your pensions are protected ahead of CEO bonuses; and the time to protect Social Security for future generations.

And now is the time to keep the promise of equal pay for an equal day's work, because I want my daughters to have exactly the same opportunities as your sons.

Now, many of these plans will cost money, which is why I've laid out how I'll pay for every dime - by closing corporate loopholes and tax havens that don't help America grow. But I will also go through the federal budget, line by line, eliminating programs that no longer work and making the ones we do need work better and cost less - because we cannot meet twenty-first century challenges with a twentieth century bureaucracy.

And Democrats, we must also admit that fulfilling America's promise will require more than just money. It will require a renewed sense of responsibility from each of us to recover what John F. Kennedy called our "intellectual and moral strength." Yes, government must lead on energy independence, but each of us must do our part to make our homes and businesses more efficient. Yes, we must provide more ladders to success for young men who fall into lives of crime and despair. But we must also admit that programs alone can't replace parents; that government can't turn off the television and make a child do her homework; that fathers must take more responsibility for providing the love and guidance their children need.

Individual responsibility and mutual responsibility - that's the essence of America's promise.

And just as we keep our keep our promise to the next generation here at home, so must we keep America's promise abroad. If John McCain wants to have a debate about who has the temperament, and judgment, to serve as the next Commander-in-Chief, that's a debate I'm ready to have.

For while Senator McCain was turning his sights to Iraq just days after 9/11, I stood up and opposed this war, knowing that it would distract us from the real threats we face. When John McCain said we could just "muddle through" in Afghanistan, I argued for more resources and more troops to finish the fight against the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9/11, and made clear that we must take out Osama bin Laden and his lieutenants if we have them in our sights. John McCain likes to say that he'll follow bin Laden to the Gates of Hell - but he won't even go to the cave where he lives.

And today, as my call for a time frame to remove our troops from Iraq has been echoed by the Iraqi government and even the Bush Administration, even after we learned that Iraq has a $79 billion surplus while we're wallowing in deficits, John McCain stands alone in his stubborn refusal to end a misguided war.

That's not the judgment we need. That won't keep America safe. We need a President who can face the threats of the future, not keep grasping at the ideas of the past.

You don't defeat a terrorist network that operates in eighty countries by occupying Iraq. You don't protect Israel and deter Iran just by talking tough in Washington. You can't truly stand up for Georgia when you've strained our oldest alliances. If John McCain wants to follow George Bush with more tough talk and bad strategy, that is his choice - but it is not the change we need.

We are the party of Roosevelt. We are the party of Kennedy. So don't tell me that Democrats won't defend this country. Don't tell me that Democrats won't keep us safe. The Bush-McCain foreign policy has squandered the legacy that generations of Americans -- Democrats and Republicans - have built, and we are here to restore that legacy.

As Commander-in-Chief, I will never hesitate to defend this nation, but I will only send our troops into harm's way with a clear mission and a sacred commitment to give them the equipment they need in battle and the care and benefits they deserve when they come home.

I will end this war in Iraq responsibly, and finish the fight against al Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan. I will rebuild our military to meet future conflicts. But I will also renew the tough, direct diplomacy that can prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons and curb Russian aggression. I will build new partnerships to defeat the threats of the 21st century: terrorism and nuclear proliferation; poverty and genocide; climate change and disease. And I will restore our moral standing, so that America is once again that last, best hope for all who are called to the cause of freedom, who long for lives of peace, and who yearn for a better future.

These are the policies I will pursue. And in the weeks ahead, I look forward to debating them with John McCain.

But what I will not do is suggest that the Senator takes his positions for political purposes. Because one of the things that we have to change in our politics is the idea that people cannot disagree without challenging each other's character and patriotism.

The times are too serious, the stakes are too high for this same partisan playbook. So let us agree that patriotism has no party. I love this country, and so do you, and so does John McCain. The men and women who serve in our battlefields may be Democrats and Republicans and Independents, but they have fought together and bled together and some died together under the same proud flag. They have not served a Red America or a Blue America - they have served the United States of America.

So I've got news for you, John McCain. We all put our country first.

America, our work will not be easy. The challenges we face require tough choices, and Democrats as well as Republicans will need to cast off the worn-out ideas and politics of the past. For part of what has been lost these past eight years can't just be measured by lost wages or bigger trade deficits. What has also been lost is our sense of common purpose - our sense of higher purpose. And that's what we have to restore.

We may not agree on abortion, but surely we can agree on reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies in this country. The reality of gun ownership may be different for hunters in rural Ohio than for those plagued by gang-violence in Cleveland, but don't tell me we can't uphold the Second Amendment while keeping AK-47s out of the hands of criminals. I know there are differences on same-sex marriage, but surely we can agree that our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters deserve to visit the person they love in the hospital and to live lives free of discrimination. Passions fly on immigration, but I don't know anyone who benefits when a mother is separated from her infant child or an employer undercuts American wages by hiring illegal workers. This too is part of America's promise - the promise of a democracy where we can find the strength and grace to bridge divides and unite in common effort.

I know there are those who dismiss such beliefs as happy talk. They claim that our insistence on something larger, something firmer and more honest in our public life is just a Trojan Horse for higher taxes and the abandonment of traditional values. And that's to be expected. Because if you don't have any fresh ideas, then you use stale tactics to scare the voters. If you don't have a record to run on, then you paint your opponent as someone people should run from.

You make a big election about small things.

And you know what - it's worked before. Because it feeds into the cynicism we all have about government. When Washington doesn't work, all its promises seem empty. If your hopes have been dashed again and again, then it's best to stop hoping, and settle for what you already know.

I get it. I realize that I am not the likeliest candidate for this office. I don't fit the typical pedigree, and I haven't spent my career in the halls of Washington.

But I stand before you tonight because all across America something is stirring. What the nay-sayers don't understand is that this election has never been about me. It's been about you.

For eighteen long months, you have stood up, one by one, and said enough to the politics of the past. You understand that in this election, the greatest risk we can take is to try the same old politics with the same old players and expect a different result. You have shown what history teaches us - that at defining moments like this one, the change we need doesn't come from Washington. Change comes to Washington. Change happens because the American people demand it - because they rise up and insist on new ideas and new leadership, a new politics for a new time.

America, this is one of those moments.

I believe that as hard as it will be, the change we need is coming. Because I've seen it. Because I've lived it. I've seen it in Illinois, when we provided health care to more children and moved more families from welfare to work. I've seen it in Washington, when we worked across party lines to open up government and hold lobbyists more accountable, to give better care for our veterans and keep nuclear weapons out of terrorist hands.

And I've seen it in this campaign. In the young people who voted for the first time, and in those who got involved again after a very long time. In the Republicans who never thought they'd pick up a Democratic ballot, but did. I've seen it in the workers who would rather cut their hours back a day than see their friends lose their jobs, in the soldiers who re-enlist after losing a limb, in the good neighbors who take a stranger in when a hurricane strikes and the floodwaters rise.

This country of ours has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what makes us rich. We have the most powerful military on Earth, but that's not what makes us strong. Our universities and our culture are the envy of the world, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.

Instead, it is that American spirit - that American promise - that pushes us forward even when the path is uncertain; that binds us together in spite of our differences; that makes us fix our eye not on what is seen, but what is unseen, that better place around the bend.

That promise is our greatest inheritance. It's a promise I make to my daughters when I tuck them in at night, and a promise that you make to yours - a promise that has led immigrants to cross oceans and pioneers to travel west; a promise that led workers to picket lines, and women to reach for the ballot.

And it is that promise that forty five years ago today, brought Americans from every corner of this land to stand together on a Mall in Washington, before Lincoln's Memorial, and hear a young preacher from Georgia speak of his dream.

The men and women who gathered there could've heard many things. They could've heard words of anger and discord. They could've been told to succumb to the fear and frustration of so many dreams deferred.

But what the people heard instead - people of every creed and color, from every walk of life - is that in America, our destiny is inextricably linked. That together, our dreams can be one.

"We cannot walk alone," the preacher cried. "And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back."

America, we cannot turn back. Not with so much work to be done. Not with so many children to educate, and so many veterans to care for. Not with an economy to fix and cities to rebuild and farms to save. Not with so many families to protect and so many lives to mend. America, we cannot turn back. We cannot walk alone. At this moment, in this election, we must pledge once more to march into the future. Let us keep that promise - that American promise - and in the words of Scripture hold firmly, without wavering, to the hope that we confess. 

Tonight, after fifty-four hard-fought contests, our primary season has finally come to an end.

Sixteen months have passed since we first stood together on the steps of the Old State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois. Thousands of miles have been traveled. Millions of voices have been heard. And because of what you said – because you decided that change must come to Washington; because you believed that this year must be different than all the rest; because you chose to listen not to your doubts or your fears but to your greatest hopes and highest aspirations, tonight we mark the end of one historic journey with the beginning of another – a journey that will bring a new and better day to America. Tonight, I can stand before you and say that I will be the Democratic nominee for President of the United States.

I want to thank every American who stood with us over the course of this campaign – through the good days and the bad; from the snows of Cedar Rapids to the sunshine of Sioux Falls. And tonight I also want to thank the men and woman who took this journey with me as fellow candidates for President.

At this defining moment for our nation, we should be proud that our party put forth one of the most talented, qualified field of individuals ever to run for this office. I have not just competed with them as rivals, I have learned from them as friends, as public servants, and as patriots who love America and are willing to work tirelessly to make this country better. They are leaders of this party, and leaders that America will turn to for years to come.

That is particularly true for the candidate who has traveled further on this journey than anyone else. Senator Hillary Clinton has made history in this campaign not just because she's a woman who has done what no woman has done before, but because she's a leader who inspires millions of Americans with her strength, her courage, and her commitment to the causes that brought us here tonight.

We've certainly had our differences over the last sixteen months. But as someone who's shared a stage with her many times, I can tell you that what gets Hillary Clinton up in the morning – even in the face of tough odds – is exactly what sent her and Bill Clinton to sign up for their first campaign in Texas all those years ago; what sent her to work at the Children's Defense Fund and made her fight for health care as First Lady; what led her to the United States Senate and fueled her barrier-breaking campaign for the presidency – an unyielding desire to improve the lives of ordinary Americans, no matter how difficult the fight may be. And you can rest assured that when we finally win the battle for universal health care in this country, she will be central to that victory. When we transform our energy policy and lift our children out of poverty, it will be because she worked to help make it happen. Our party and our country are better off because of her, and I am a better candidate for having had the honor to compete with Hillary Rodham Clinton.

There are those who say that this primary has somehow left us weaker and more divided. Well I say that because of this primary, there are millions of Americans who have cast their ballot for the very first time. There are Independents and Republicans who understand that this election isn't just about the party in charge of Washington, it's about the need to change Washington. There are young people, and African-Americans, and Latinos, and women of all ages who have voted in numbers that have broken records and inspired a nation.

All of you chose to support a candidate you believe in deeply. But at the end of the day, we aren't the reason you came out and waited in lines that stretched block after block to make your voice heard. You didn't do that because of me or Senator Clinton or anyone else. You did it because you know in your hearts that at this moment – a moment that will define a generation – we cannot afford to keep doing what we've been doing. We owe our children a better future. We owe our country a better future. And for all those who dream of that future tonight, I say – let us begin the work together. Let us unite in common effort to chart a new course for America.

In just a few short months, the Republican Party will arrive in St. Paul with a very different agenda. They will come here to nominate John McCain, a man who has served this country heroically. I honor that service, and I respect his many accomplishments, even if he chooses to deny mine. My differences with him are not personal; they are with the policies he has proposed in this campaign.

Because while John McCain can legitimately tout moments of independence from his party in the past, such independence has not been the hallmark of his presidential campaign.

It's not change when John McCain decided to stand with George Bush ninety-five percent of the time, as he did in the Senate last year.

It's not change when he offers four more years of Bush economic policies that have failed to create well-paying jobs, or insure our workers, or help Americans afford the skyrocketing cost of college – policies that have lowered the real incomes of the average American family, widened the gap between Wall Street and Main Street, and left our children with a mountain of debt.

And it's not change when he promises to continue a policy in Iraq that asks everything of our brave men and women in uniform and nothing of Iraqi politicians – a policy where all we look for are reasons to stay in Iraq, while we spend billions of dollars a month on a war that isn't making the American people any safer.

So I'll say this – there are many words to describe John McCain's attempt to pass off his embrace of George Bush's policies as bipartisan and new. But change is not one of them.

Change is a foreign policy that doesn't begin and end with a war that should've never been authorized and never been waged. I won't stand here and pretend that there are many good options left in Iraq, but what's not an option is leaving our troops in that country for the next hundred years – especially at a time when our military is overstretched, our nation is isolated, and nearly every other threat to America is being ignored.

We must be as careful getting out of Iraq as we were careless getting in - but start leaving we must. It's time for Iraqis to take responsibility for their future. It's time to rebuild our military and give our veterans the care they need and the benefits they deserve when they come home. It's time to refocus our efforts on al Qaeda's leadership and Afghanistan, and rally the world against the common threats of the 21st century – terrorism and nuclear weapons; climate change and poverty; genocide and disease. That's what change is.

Change is realizing that meeting today's threats requires not just our firepower, but the power of our diplomacy – tough, direct diplomacy where the President of the United States isn't afraid to let any petty dictator know where America stands and what we stand for. We must once again have the courage and conviction to lead the free world. That is the legacy of Roosevelt, and Truman, and Kennedy. That's what the American people want. That's what change is.

Change is building an economy that rewards not just wealth, but the work and workers who created it. It's understanding that the struggles facing working families can't be solved by spending billions of dollars on more tax breaks for big corporations and wealthy CEOs, but by giving a the middle-class a tax break, and investing in our crumbling infrastructure, and transforming how we use energy, and improving our schools, and renewing our commitment to science and innovation. It's understanding that fiscal responsibility and shared prosperity can go hand-in-hand, as they did when Bill Clinton was President.

John McCain has spent a lot of time talking about trips to Iraq in the last few weeks, but maybe if he spent some time taking trips to the cities and towns that have been hardest hit by this economy – cities in Michigan, and Ohio, and right here in Minnesota – he'd understand the kind of change that people are looking for.

Maybe if he went to Iowa and met the student who works the night shift after a full day of class and still can't pay the medical bills for a sister who's ill, he'd understand that she can't afford four more years of a health care plan that only takes care of the healthy and wealthy. She needs us to pass health care plan that guarantees insurance to every American who wants it and brings down premiums for every family who needs it. That's the change we need.

Maybe if he went to Pennsylvania and met the man who lost his job but can't even afford the gas to drive around and look for a new one, he'd understand that we can't afford four more years of our addiction to oil from dictators. That man needs us to pass an energy policy that works with automakers to raise fuel standards, and makes corporations pay for their pollution, and oil companies invest their record profits in a clean energy future – an energy policy that will create millions of new jobs that pay well and can't be outsourced. That's the change we need.

And maybe if he spent some time in the schools of South Carolina or St. Paul or where he spoke tonight in New Orleans, he'd understand that we can't afford to leave the money behind for No Child Left Behind; that we owe it to our children to invest in early childhood education; to recruit an army of new teachers and give them better pay and more support; to finally decide that in this global economy, the chance to get a college education should not be a privilege for the wealthy few, but the birthright of every American. That's the change we need in America. That's why I'm running for President.

The other side will come here in September and offer a very different set of policies and positions, and that is a debate I look forward to. It is a debate the American people deserve. But what you don't deserve is another election that's governed by fear, and innuendo, and division. What you won't hear from this campaign or this party is the kind of politics that uses religion as a wedge, and patriotism as a bludgeon – that sees our opponents not as competitors to challenge, but enemies to demonize. Because we may call ourselves Democrats and Republicans, but we are Americans first. We are always Americans first.

Despite what the good Senator from Arizona said tonight, I have seen people of differing views and opinions find common cause many times during my two decades in public life, and I have brought many together myself. I've walked arm-in-arm with community leaders on the South Side of Chicago and watched tensions fade as black, white, and Latino fought together for good jobs and good schools. I've sat across the table from law enforcement and civil rights advocates to reform a criminal justice system that sent thirteen innocent people to death row. And I've worked with friends in the other party to provide more children with health insurance and more working families with a tax break; to curb the spread of nuclear weapons and ensure that the American people know where their tax dollars are being spent; and to reduce the influence of lobbyists who have all too often set the agenda in Washington.

In our country, I have found that this cooperation happens not because we agree on everything, but because behind all the labels and false divisions and categories that define us; beyond all the petty bickering and point-scoring in Washington, Americans are a decent, generous, compassionate people, united by common challenges and common hopes. And every so often, there are moments which call on that fundamental goodness to make this country great again.

So it was for that band of patriots who declared in a Philadelphia hall the formation of a more perfect union; and for all those who gave on the fields of Gettysburg and Antietam their last full measure of devotion to save that same union.

So it was for the Greatest Generation that conquered fear itself, and liberated a continent from tyranny, and made this country home to untold opportunity and prosperity.

So it was for the workers who stood out on the picket lines; the women who shattered glass ceilings; the children who braved a Selma bridge for freedom's cause.

So it has been for every generation that faced down the greatest challenges and the most improbable odds to leave their children a world that's better, and kinder, and more just.

And so it must be for us.

America, this is our moment. This is our time. Our time to turn the page on the policies of the past. Our time to bring new energy and new ideas to the challenges we face. Our time to offer a new direction for the country we love.

The journey will be difficult. The road will be long. I face this challenge with profound humility, and knowledge of my own limitations. But I also face it with limitless faith in the capacity of the American people. Because if we are willing to work for it, and fight for it, and believe in it, then I am absolutely certain that generations from now, we will be able to look back and tell our children that this was the moment when we began to provide care for the sick and good jobs to the jobless; this was the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal; this was the moment when we ended a war and secured our nation and restored our image as the last, best hope on Earth. This was the moment – this was the time – when we came together to remake this great nation so that it may always reflect our very best selves, and our highest ideals.

You know, some were saying that North Carolina would be a game-changer in this election. But today, what North Carolina decided is that the only game that needs changing is the one in Washington, DC.

I want to start by congratulating Senator Clinton on her victory in the state of Indiana. And I want to thank the people of North Carolina for giving us a victory in a big state, a swing state, and a state where we will compete to win if I am the Democratic nominee for President of the United States.

When this campaign began, Washington didn't give us much of a chance. But because you came out in the bitter cold, and knocked on doors, and enlisted your friends and neighbors in this cause; because you stood up to the cynics, and the doubters, and the nay-sayers when we were up and when we were down; because you still believe that this is our moment, and our time, for change – tonight we stand less than two hundred delegates away from securing the Democratic nomination for President of the United States.

More importantly, because of you, we have seen that it's possible to overcome the politics of division and distraction; that it's possible to overcome the same old negative attacks that are always about scoring points and never about solving our problems. We've seen that the American people aren't looking for more spin or more gimmicks, but honest answers about the challenges we face. That's what you've accomplished in this campaign, and that's how we'll change this country together.

This has been one of the longest, most closely fought contests in history. And that's partly because we have such a formidable opponent in Senator Hillary Clinton. Tonight, many of the pundits have suggested that this party is inalterably divided – that Senator Clinton's supporters will not support me, and that my supporters will not support her.

Well I'm here tonight to tell you that I don't believe it. Yes, there have been bruised feelings on both sides. Yes, each side desperately wants their candidate to win. But ultimately, this race is not about Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama or John McCain. This election is about you – the American people – and whether we will have a president and a party that can lead us toward a brighter future.

This primary season may not be over, but when it is, we will have to remember who we are as Democrats – that we are the party of Jefferson and Jackson; of Roosevelt and Kennedy; and that we are at our best when we lead with principle; when we lead with conviction; when we summon an entire nation around a common purpose – a higher purpose. This fall, we intend to march forward as one Democratic Party, united by a common vision for this country. Because we all agree that at this defining moment in history – a moment when we're facing two wars, an economy in turmoil, a planet in peril – we can't afford to give John McCain the chance to serve out George Bush's third term. We need change in America.

The woman I met in Indiana who just lost her job, and her pension, and her insurance when the plant where she worked at her entire life closed down – she can't afford four more years of tax breaks for corporations like the one that shipped her job overseas. She needs us to give tax breaks to companies that create good jobs here in America. She can't afford four more years of tax breaks for CEOs like the one who walked away from her company with a multi-million dollar bonus. She needs middle-class tax relief that will help her pay the skyrocketing price of groceries, and gas, and college tuition. That's why I'm running for President.

The college student I met in Iowa who works the night shift after a full day of class and still can't pay the medical bills for a sister who's ill – she can't afford four more years of a health care plan that only takes care of the healthy and the wealthy; that allows insurance companies to discriminate and deny coverage to those Americans who need it most. She needs us to stand up to those insurance companies and pass a plan that lowers every family's premiums and gives every uninsured American the same kind of coverage that Members of Congress give themselves. That's why I'm running for President.

The mother in Wisconsin who gave me a bracelet inscribed with the name of the son she lost in Iraq; the families who pray for their loved ones to come home; the heroes on their third and fourth and fifth tour of duty – they can't afford four more years of a war that should've never been authorized and never been waged. They can't afford four more years of our veterans returning to broken-down barracks and substandard care. They need us to end a war that isn't making us safer. They need us to treat them with the care and respect they deserve. That's why I'm running for President.

The man I met in Pennsylvania who lost his job but can't even afford the gas to drive around and look for a new one – he can't afford four more years of an energy policy written by the oil companies and for the oil companies; a policy that's not only keeping gas at record prices, but funding both sides of the war on terror and destroying our planet in the process. He doesn't need four more years of Washington policies that sound good, but don't solve the problem. He needs us to take a permanent holiday from our oil addiction by making the automakers raise their fuel standards, corporations pay for their pollution, and oil companies invest their record profits in a clean energy future. That's the change we need. And that's why I'm running for President.

The people I've met in small towns and big cities across this country understand that government can't solve all our problems – and we don't expect it to. We believe in hard work. We believe in personal responsibility and self-reliance.

But we also believe that we have a larger responsibility to one another as Americans – that America is a place – that America is the place – where you can make it if you try. That no matter how much money you start with or where you come from or who your parents are, opportunity is yours if you're willing to reach for it and work for it. It's the idea that while there are few guarantees in life, you should be able to count on a job that pays the bills; health care for when you need it; a pension for when you retire; an education for your children that will allow them to fulfill their God-given potential. That's the America we believe in. That's the America I know.

This is the country that gave my grandfather a chance to go to college on the GI Bill when he came home from World War II; a country that gave him and my grandmother the chance to buy their first home with a loan from the government.

This is the country that made it possible for my mother – a single parent who had to go on food stamps at one point – to send my sister and me to the best schools in the country on scholarships.

This is the country that allowed my father-in-law – a city worker at a South Side water filtration plant – to provide for his wife and two children on a single salary. This is a man who was diagnosed at age thirty with multiple sclerosis – who relied on a walker to get himself to work. And yet, every day he went, and he labored, and he sent my wife and her brother to one of the best colleges in the nation. It was a job that didn't just give him a paycheck, but a sense of dignity and self-worth. It was an America that didn't just reward wealth, but the work and the workers who created it.

Somewhere along the way, between all the bickering and the influence-peddling and the game-playing of the last few decades, Washington and Wall Street have lost touch with these values. And while I honor John McCain's service to his country, his ideas for America are out of touch with these values. His plans for the future are nothing more than the failed policies of the past. And his plan to win in November appears to come from the very same playbook that his side has used time after time in election after election.

Yes, we know what's coming. We've seen it already. The same names and labels they always pin on everyone who doesn't agree with all their ideas. The same efforts to distract us from the issues that affect our lives by pouncing on every gaffe and association and fake controversy in the hope that the media will play along. The attempts to play on our fears and exploit our differences to turn us against each other for pure political gain – to slice and dice this country into Red States and Blue States; blue-collar and white-collar; white and black, and brown.

This is what they will do – no matter which one of us is the nominee. The question, then, is not what kind of campaign they'll run, it's what kind of campaign we will run. It's what we will do to make this year different. I didn't get into race thinking that I could avoid this kind of politics, but I am running for President because this is the time to end it.

We will end it this time not because I'm perfect – I think by now this campaign has reminded all of us of that. We will end it not by duplicating the same tactics and the same strategies as the other side, because that will just lead us down the same path of polarization and gridlock.

We will end it by telling the truth – forcefully, repeatedly, confidently – and by trusting that the American people will embrace the need for change.

Because that's how we've always changed this country – not from the top-down, but from the bottom-up; when you – the American people – decide that the stakes are too high and the challenges are too great.

The other side can label and name-call all they want, but I trust the American people to recognize that it's not surrender to end the war in Iraq so that we can rebuild our military and go after al Qaeda's leaders. I trust the American people to understand that it's not weakness, but wisdom to talk not just to our friends, but our enemies – like Roosevelt did, and Kennedy did, and Truman did.

I trust the American people to realize that while we don't need big government, we do need a government that stands up for families who are being tricked out of their homes by Wall Street predators; a government that stands up for the middle-class by giving them a tax break; a government that ensures that no American will ever lose their life savings just because their child gets sick. Security and opportunity; compassion and prosperity aren't liberal values or conservative values – they're American values.

Most of all, I trust the American people's desire to no longer be defined by our differences. Because no matter where I've been in this country – whether it was the corn fields of Iowa or the textile mills of the Carolinas; the streets of San Antonio or the foothills of Georgia – I've found that while we may have different stories, we hold common hopes. We may not look the same or come from the same place, but we want to move in the same direction – towards a better future for our children and our grandchildren.

That's why I'm in this race. I love this country too much to see it divided and distracted at this moment in history. I believe in our ability to perfect this union because it's the only reason I'm standing here today. And I know the promise of America because I have lived it.

It is the light of opportunity that led my father across an ocean.

It is the founding ideals that the flag draped over my grandfather's coffin stands for – it is life, and liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.

It's the simple truth I learned all those years ago when I worked in the shadows of a shuttered steel mill on the South Side of Chicago – that in this country, justice can be won against the greatest of odds; hope can find its way back to the darkest of corners; and when we are told that we cannot bring about the change that we seek, we answer with one voice – yes we can.

So don't ever forget that this election is not about me, or any candidate. Don't ever forget that this campaign is about you – about your hopes, about your dreams, about your struggles, about securing your portion of the American Dream.

Don't ever forget that we have a choice in this country – that we can choose not to be divided; that we can choose not to be afraid; that we can still choose this moment to finally come together and solve the problems we've talked about all those other years in all those other elections.

This time can be different than all the rest. This time we can face down those who say our road is too long; that our climb is too steep; that we can no longer achieve the change that we seek. This is our time to answer the call that so many generations of Americans have answered before – by insisting that by hard work, and by sacrifice, the American Dream will endure.

Two hundred and twenty one years ago, in a hall that still stands across the street, a group of men gathered and, with these simple words, launched America's improbable experiment in democracy. Farmers and scholars; statesmen and patriots who had traveled across an ocean to escape tyranny and persecution finally made real their declaration of independence at a Philadelphia convention that lasted through the spring of 1787.

The document they produced was eventually signed but ultimately unfinished. It was stained by this nation's original sin of slavery, a question that divided the colonies and brought the convention to a stalemate until the founders chose to allow the slave trade to continue for at least twenty more years, and to leave any final resolution to future generations.

Of course, the answer to the slavery question was already embedded within our Constitution - a Constitution that had at is very core the ideal of equal citizenship under the law; a Constitution that promised its people liberty, and justice, and a union that could be and should be perfected over time.

And yet words on a parchment would not be enough to deliver slaves from bondage, or provide men and women of every color and creed their full rights and obligations as citizens of the United States. What would be needed were Americans in successive generations who were willing to do their part - through protests and struggle, on the streets and in the courts, through a civil war and civil disobedience and always at great risk - to narrow that gap between the promise of our ideals and the reality of their time.

This was one of the tasks we set forth at the beginning of this campaign - to continue the long march of those who came before us, a march for a more just, more equal, more free, more caring and more prosperous America. I chose to run for the presidency at this moment in history because I believe deeply that we cannot solve the challenges of our time unless we solve them together - unless we perfect our union by understanding that we may have different stories, but we hold common hopes; that we may not look the same and we may not have come from the same place, but we all want to move in the same direction - towards a better future for our children and our grandchildren.

This belief comes from my unyielding faith in the decency and generosity of the American people. But it also comes from my own American story.

I am the son of a black man from Kenya and a white woman from Kansas. I was raised with the help of a white grandfather who survived a Depression to serve in Patton's Army during World War II and a white grandmother who worked on a bomber assembly line at Fort Leavenworth while he was overseas. I've gone to some of the best schools in America and lived in one of the world's poorest nations. I am married to a black American who carries within her the blood of slaves and slaveowners - an inheritance we pass on to our two precious daughters. I have brothers, sisters, nieces, nephews, uncles and cousins, of every race and every hue, scattered across three continents, and for as long as I live, I will never forget that in no other country on Earth is my story even possible.

It's a story that hasn't made me the most conventional candidate. But it is a story that has seared into my genetic makeup the idea that this nation is more than the sum of its parts - that out of many, we are truly one.

Throughout the first year of this campaign, against all predictions to the contrary, we saw how hungry the American people were for this message of unity. Despite the temptation to view my candidacy through a purely racial lens, we won commanding victories in states with some of the whitest populations in the country. In South Carolina, where the Confederate Flag still flies, we built a powerful coalition of African Americans and white Americans.

This is not to say that race has not been an issue in the campaign. At various stages in the campaign, some commentators have deemed me either "too black" or "not black enough." We saw racial tensions bubble to the surface during the week before the South Carolina primary. The press has scoured every exit poll for the latest evidence of racial polarization, not just in terms of white and black, but black and brown as well.

And yet, it has only been in the last couple of weeks that the discussion of race in this campaign has taken a particularly divisive turn.

On one end of the spectrum, we've heard the implication that my candidacy is somehow an exercise in affirmative action; that it's based solely on the desire of wide-eyed liberals to purchase racial reconciliation on the cheap. On the other end, we've heard my former pastor, Reverend Jeremiah Wright, use incendiary language to express views that have the potential not only to widen the racial divide, but views that denigrate both the greatness and the goodness of our nation; that rightly offend white and black alike.

I have already condemned, in unequivocal terms, the statements of Reverend Wright that have caused such controversy. For some, nagging questions remain. Did I know him to be an occasionally fierce critic of American domestic and foreign policy? Of course. Did I ever hear him make remarks that could be considered controversial while I sat in church? Yes. Did I strongly disagree with many of his political views? Absolutely - just as I'm sure many of you have heard remarks from your pastors, priests, or rabbis with which you strongly disagreed.

But the remarks that have caused this recent firestorm weren't simply controversial. They weren't simply a religious leader's effort to speak out against perceived injustice. Instead, they expressed a profoundly distorted view of this country - a view that sees white racism as endemic, and that elevates what is wrong with America above all that we know is right with America; a view that sees the conflicts in the Middle East as rooted primarily in the actions of stalwart allies like Israel, instead of emanating from the perverse and hateful ideologies of radical Islam.

As such, Reverend Wright's comments were not only wrong but divisive, divisive at a time when we need unity; racially charged at a time when we need to come together to solve a set of monumental problems - two wars, a terrorist threat, a falling economy, a chronic health care crisis and potentially devastating climate change; problems that are neither black or white or Latino or Asian, but rather problems that confront us all.

Given my background, my politics, and my professed values and ideals, there will no doubt be those for whom my statements of condemnation are not enough. Why associate myself with Reverend Wright in the first place, they may ask? Why not join another church? And I confess that if all that I knew of Reverend Wright were the snippets of those sermons that have run in an endless loop on the television and You Tube, or if Trinity United Church of Christ conformed to the caricatures being peddled by some commentators, there is no doubt that I would react in much the same way

But the truth is, that isn't all that I know of the man. The man I met more than twenty years ago is a man who helped introduce me to my Christian faith, a man who spoke to me about our obligations to love one another; to care for the sick and lift up the poor. He is a man who served his country as a U.S. Marine; who has studied and lectured at some of the finest universities and seminaries in the country, and who for over thirty years led a church that serves the community by doing God's work here on Earth - by housing the homeless, ministering to the needy, providing day care services and scholarships and prison ministries, and reaching out to those suffering from HIV/AIDS.

In my first book, Dreams From My Father, I described the experience of my first service at Trinity:

"People began to shout, to rise from their seats and clap and cry out, a forceful wind carrying the reverend's voice up into the rafters....And in that single note - hope! - I heard something else; at the foot of that cross, inside the thousands of churches across the city, I imagined the stories of ordinary black people merging with the stories of David and Goliath, Moses and Pharaoh, the Christians in the lion's den, Ezekiel's field of dry bones. Those stories - of survival, and freedom, and hope - became our story, my story; the blood that had spilled was our blood, the tears our tears; until this black church, on this bright day, seemed once more a vessel carrying the story of a people into future generations and into a larger world. Our trials and triumphs became at once unique and universal, black and more than black; in chronicling our journey, the stories and songs gave us a means to reclaim memories that we didn't need to feel shame about...memories that all people might study and cherish - and with which we could start to rebuild."

That has been my experience at Trinity. Like other predominantly black churches across the country, Trinity embodies the black community in its entirety - the doctor and the welfare mom, the model student and the former gang-banger. Like other black churches, Trinity's services are full of raucous laughter and sometimes bawdy humor. They are full of dancing, clapping, screaming and shouting that may seem jarring to the untrained ear. The church contains in full the kindness and cruelty, the fierce intelligence and the shocking ignorance, the struggles and successes, the love and yes, the bitterness and bias that make up the black experience in America.

And this helps explain, perhaps, my relationship with Reverend Wright. As imperfect as he may be, he has been like family to me. He strengthened my faith, officiated my wedding, and baptized my children. Not once in my conversations with him have I heard him talk about any ethnic group in derogatory terms, or treat whites with whom he interacted with anything but courtesy and respect. He contains within him the contradictions - the good and the bad - of the community that he has served diligently for so many years.

I can no more disown him than I can disown the black community. I can no more disown him than I can my white grandmother - a woman who helped raise me, a woman who sacrificed again and again for me, a woman who loves me as much as she loves anything in this world, but a woman who once confessed her fear of black men who passed by her on the street, and who on more than one occasion has uttered racial or ethnic stereotypes that made me cringe.

These people are a part of me. And they are a part of America, this country that I love.

Some will see this as an attempt to justify or excuse comments that are simply inexcusable. I can assure you it is not. I suppose the politically safe thing would be to move on from this episode and just hope that it fades into the woodwork. We can dismiss Reverend Wright as a crank or a demagogue, just as some have dismissed Geraldine Ferraro, in the aftermath of her recent statements, as harboring some deep-seated racial bias.

But race is an issue that I believe this nation cannot afford to ignore right now. We would be making the same mistake that Reverend Wright made in his offending sermons about America - to simplify and stereotype and amplify the negative to the point that it distorts reality.

The fact is that the comments that have been made and the issues that have surfaced over the last few weeks reflect the complexities of race in this country that we've never really worked through - a part of our union that we have yet to perfect. And if we walk away now, if we simply retreat into our respective corners, we will never be able to come together and solve challenges like health care, or education, or the need to find good jobs for every American.

Understanding this reality requires a reminder of how we arrived at this point. As William Faulkner once wrote, "The past isn't dead and buried. In fact, it isn't even past." We do not need to recite here the history of racial injustice in this country. But we do need to remind ourselves that so many of the disparities that exist in the African-American community today can be directly traced to inequalities passed on from an earlier generation that suffered under the brutal legacy of slavery and Jim Crow.

Segregated schools were, and are, inferior schools; we still haven't fixed them, fifty years after Brown v. Board of Education, and the inferior education they provided, then and now, helps explain the pervasive achievement gap between today's black and white students.

Legalized discrimination - where blacks were prevented, often through violence, from owning property, or loans were not granted to African-American business owners, or black homeowners could not access FHA mortgages, or blacks were excluded from unions, or the police force, or fire departments - meant that black families could not amass any meaningful wealth to bequeath to future generations. That history helps explain the wealth and income gap between black and white, and the concentrated pockets of poverty that persists in so many of today's urban and rural communities.

A lack of economic opportunity among black men, and the shame and frustration that came from not being able to provide for one's family, contributed to the erosion of black families - a problem that welfare policies for many years may have worsened. And the lack of basic services in so many urban black neighborhoods - parks for kids to play in, police walking the beat, regular garbage pick-up and building code enforcement - all helped create a cycle of violence, blight and neglect that continue to haunt us.

This is the reality in which Reverend Wright and other African-Americans of his generation grew up. They came of age in the late fifties and early sixties, a time when segregation was still the law of the land and opportunity was systematically constricted. What's remarkable is not how many failed in the face of discrimination, but rather how many men and women overcame the odds; how many were able to make a way out of no way for those like me who would come after them.

But for all those who scratched and clawed their way to get a piece of the American Dream, there were many who didn't make it - those who were ultimately defeated, in one way or another, by discrimination. That legacy of defeat was passed on to future generations - those young men and increasingly young women who we see standing on street corners or languishing in our prisons, without hope or prospects for the future. Even for those blacks who did make it, questions of race, and racism, continue to define their worldview in fundamental ways. For the men and women of Reverend Wright's generation, the memories of humiliation and doubt and fear have not gone away; nor has the anger and the bitterness of those years. That anger may not get expressed in public, in front of white co-workers or white friends. But it does find voice in the barbershop or around the kitchen table. At times, that anger is exploited by politicians, to gin up votes along racial lines, or to make up for a politician's own failings.

And occasionally it finds voice in the church on Sunday morning, in the pulpit and in the pews. The fact that so many people are surprised to hear that anger in some of Reverend Wright's sermons simply reminds us of the old truism that the most segregated hour in American life occurs on Sunday morning. That anger is not always productive; indeed, all too often it distracts attention from solving real problems; it keeps us from squarely facing our own complicity in our condition, and prevents the African-American community from forging the alliances it needs to bring about real change. But the anger is real; it is powerful; and to simply wish it away, to condemn it without understanding its roots, only serves to widen the chasm of misunderstanding that exists between the races.

In fact, a similar anger exists within segments of the white community. Most working- and middle-class white Americans don't feel that they have been particularly privileged by their race. Their experience is the immigrant experience - as far as they're concerned, no one's handed them anything, they've built it from scratch. They've worked hard all their lives, many times only to see their jobs shipped overseas or their pension dumped after a lifetime of labor. They are anxious about their futures, and feel their dreams slipping away; in an era of stagnant wages and global competition, opportunity comes to be seen as a zero sum game, in which your dreams come at my expense. So when they are told to bus their children to a school across town; when they hear that an African American is getting an advantage in landing a good job or a spot in a good college because of an injustice that they themselves never committed; when they're told that their fears about crime in urban neighborhoods are somehow prejudiced, resentment builds over time.

Like the anger within the black community, these resentments aren't always expressed in polite company. But they have helped shape the political landscape for at least a generation. Anger over welfare and affirmative action helped forge the Reagan Coalition. Politicians routinely exploited fears of crime for their own electoral ends. Talk show hosts and conservative commentators built entire careers unmasking bogus claims of racism while dismissing legitimate discussions of racial injustice and inequality as mere political correctness or reverse racism.

Just as black anger often proved counterproductive, so have these white resentments distracted attention from the real culprits of the middle class squeeze - a corporate culture rife with inside dealing, questionable accounting practices, and short-term greed; a Washington dominated by lobbyists and special interests; economic policies that favor the few over the many. And yet, to wish away the resentments of white Americans, to label them as misguided or even racist, without recognizing they are grounded in legitimate concerns - this too widens the racial divide, and blocks the path to understanding.

This is where we are right now. It's a racial stalemate we've been stuck in for years. Contrary to the claims of some of my critics, black and white, I have never been so naïve as to believe that we can get beyond our racial divisions in a single election cycle, or with a single candidacy - particularly a candidacy as imperfect as my own.

But I have asserted a firm conviction - a conviction rooted in my faith in God and my faith in the American people - that working together we can move beyond some of our old racial wounds, and that in fact we have no choice if we are to continue on the path of a more perfect union.

For the African-American community, that path means embracing the burdens of our past without becoming victims of our past. It means continuing to insist on a full measure of justice in every aspect of American life. But it also means binding our particular grievances - for better health care, and better schools, and better jobs - to the larger aspirations of all Americans -- the white woman struggling to break the glass ceiling, the white man whose been laid off, the immigrant trying to feed his family. And it means taking full responsibility for own lives - by demanding more from our fathers, and spending more time with our children, and reading to them, and teaching them that while they may face challenges and discrimination in their own lives, they must never succumb to despair or cynicism; they must always believe that they can write their own destiny.

Ironically, this quintessentially American - and yes, conservative - notion of self-help found frequent expression in Reverend Wright's sermons. But what my former pastor too often failed to understand is that embarking on a program of self-help also requires a belief that society can change.

The profound mistake of Reverend Wright's sermons is not that he spoke about racism in our society. It's that he spoke as if our society was static; as if no progress has been made; as if this country - a country that has made it possible for one of his own members to run for the highest office in the land and build a coalition of white and black; Latino and Asian, rich and poor, young and old -- is still irrevocably bound to a tragic past. But what we know -- what we have seen - is that America can change. That is true genius of this nation. What we have already achieved gives us hope - the audacity to hope - for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.

In the white community, the path to a more perfect union means acknowledging that what ails the African-American community does not just exist in the minds of black people; that the legacy of discrimination - and current incidents of discrimination, while less overt than in the past - are real and must be addressed. Not just with words, but with deeds - by investing in our schools and our communities; by enforcing our civil rights laws and ensuring fairness in our criminal justice system; by providing this generation with ladders of opportunity that were unavailable for previous generations. It requires all Americans to realize that your dreams do not have to come at the expense of my dreams; that investing in the health, welfare, and education of black and brown and white children will ultimately help all of America prosper.

In the end, then, what is called for is nothing more, and nothing less, than what all the world's great religions demand - that we do unto others as we would have them do unto us. Let us be our brother's keeper, Scripture tells us. Let us be our sister's keeper. Let us find that common stake we all have in one another, and let our politics reflect that spirit as well.

For we have a choice in this country. We can accept a politics that breeds division, and conflict, and cynicism. We can tackle race only as spectacle - as we did in the OJ trial - or in the wake of tragedy, as we did in the aftermath of Katrina - or as fodder for the nightly news. We can play Reverend Wright's sermons on every channel, every day and talk about them from now until the election, and make the only question in this campaign whether or not the American people think that I somehow believe or sympathize with his most offensive words. We can pounce on some gaffe by a Hillary supporter as evidence that she's playing the race card, or we can speculate on whether white men will all flock to John McCain in the general election regardless of his policies.

We can do that.

But if we do, I can tell you that in the next election, we'll be talking about some other distraction. And then another one. And then another one. And nothing will change.

That is one option. Or, at this moment, in this election, we can come together and say, "Not this time." This time we want to talk about the crumbling schools that are stealing the future of black children and white children and Asian children and Hispanic children and Native American children. This time we want to reject the cynicism that tells us that these kids can't learn; that those kids who don't look like us are somebody else's problem. The children of America are not those kids, they are our kids, and we will not let them fall behind in a 21st century economy. Not this time.

This time we want to talk about how the lines in the Emergency Room are filled with whites and blacks and Hispanics who do not have health care; who don't have the power on their own to overcome the special interests in Washington, but who can take them on if we do it together.

This time we want to talk about the shuttered mills that once provided a decent life for men and women of every race, and the homes for sale that once belonged to Americans from every religion, every region, every walk of life. This time we want to talk about the fact that the real problem is not that someone who doesn't look like you might take your job; it's that the corporation you work for will ship it overseas for nothing more than a profit.

This time we want to talk about the men and women of every color and creed who serve together, and fight together, and bleed together under the same proud flag. We want to talk about how to bring them home from a war that never should've been authorized and never should've been waged, and we want to talk about how we'll show our patriotism by caring for them, and their families, and giving them the benefits they have earned.

I would not be running for President if I didn't believe with all my heart that this is what the vast majority of Americans want for this country. This union may never be perfect, but generation after generation has shown that it can always be perfected. And today, whenever I find myself feeling doubtful or cynical about this possibility, what gives me the most hope is the next generation - the young people whose attitudes and beliefs and openness to change have already made history in this election.

There is one story in particularly that I'd like to leave you with today - a story I told when I had the great honor of speaking on Dr. King's birthday at his home church, Ebenezer Baptist, in Atlanta.

There is a young, twenty-three year old white woman named Ashley Baia who organized for our campaign in Florence, South Carolina. She had been working to organize a mostly African-American community since the beginning of this campaign, and one day she was at a roundtable discussion where everyone went around telling their story and why they were there.

And Ashley said that when she was nine years old, her mother got cancer. And because she had to miss days of work, she was let go and lost her health care. They had to file for bankruptcy, and that's when Ashley decided that she had to do something to help her mom.

She knew that food was one of their most expensive costs, and so Ashley convinced her mother that what she really liked and really wanted to eat more than anything else was mustard and relish sandwiches. Because that was the cheapest way to eat.

She did this for a year until her mom got better, and she told everyone at the roundtable that the reason she joined our campaign was so that she could help the millions of other children in the country who want and need to help their parents too.

Now Ashley might have made a different choice. Perhaps somebody told her along the way that the source of her mother's problems were blacks who were on welfare and too lazy to work, or Hispanics who were coming into the country illegally. But she didn't. She sought out allies in her fight against injustice.

Anyway, Ashley finishes her story and then goes around the room and asks everyone else why they're supporting the campaign. They all have different stories and reasons. Many bring up a specific issue. And finally they come to this elderly black man who's been sitting there quietly the entire time. And Ashley asks him why he's there. And he does not bring up a specific issue. He does not say health care or the economy. He does not say education or the war. He does not say that he was there because of Barack Obama. He simply says to everyone in the room, "I am here because of Ashley."

"I'm here because of Ashley." By itself, that single moment of recognition between that young white girl and that old black man is not enough. It is not enough to give health care to the sick, or jobs to the jobless, or education to our children.

But it is where we start. It is where our union grows stronger. And as so many generations have come to realize over the course of the two-hundred and twenty one years since a band of patriots signed that document in Philadelphia, that is where the perfection begins. 
 Mr. President, I would like to speak briefly on what is a roiling debate not only in the Senate but across the country, and that is the President's policy with respect to Iraq. There are countless reasons the American people have lost confidence in the President's Iraq policy, but chief among them has been the administration's insistence on making promises and assurances about progress and victory that do not appear to be grounded in the reality of the facts. We have been told we would be greeted as liberators. We have been promised the insurgency was in its last throes. We have been assured again and again that we are making progress and that the Iraqis would soon stand up so we could stand down and our brave sons and daughters could start coming home. We have been asked to wait, we have been asked to be patient, and we have been asked to give the President and the new Iraqi Government 6 more months, and then 6 more months after that, and then 6 more months after that.

Now, after the loss of more than 3,000 American lives, after spending almost $400 billion, after Iraq has descended into civil war, we have been promised, once again, that the President's plan to escalate the war in Iraq will, this time, be well planned, well coordinated, and well supported by the Iraqi Government. This time, we didn't have to wait to find out that none of this seems to be the case. Already, American military officials have told the New York Times that there is no clear chain of command between Iraqis and U.S. commanders and no real indication that the Iraqis even want such a partnership. Yesterday, Prime Minister al-Maliki, the person whom the President said had brought this plan to us, the man who is supposed to be our partner-in-chief for this new plan, told foreign journalists that if the United States would only give his Army better weapons and equipment, our soldiers could go home.

The President's decision to move forward with this escalation anyway, despite all evidence and military advice to the contrary, is the terrible consequence of the decision to give him the broad, open-ended authority to wage this war back in 2002. Over 4 years later, we can't revisit that decision or reverse some of the tragic outcomes, but what we can do is make sure we provide the kind of oversight and constraints on the President this time that we failed to do the last time.

I cannot in good conscience support this escalation. It is a policy which has already been tried and a policy which has failed. Just this morning, I had veterans of the Iraq war visit my office to explain to me that this surge concept is, in fact, no different from what we have repeatedly tried, but with 20,000 troops, we will not in any imaginable way be able to accomplish any new progress.

The fact is that we have tried this road before. In the end, no amount of American forces can solve the political differences that lie at the heart of somebody else's civil war. As the President's own military commanders have said, escalation only prevents the Iraqis from taking more responsibility for their own future. It is even eroding our efforts in the wider war on terror as some of the extra soldiers will come directly from Afghanistan, where the Taliban has become resurgent.

The President has offered no evidence that more U.S. troops will be able to pressure Shias, Sunnis, and Kurds toward the necessary political settlement, and he has attached no consequences to his plan should the Iraqis fail to make progress. In fact, just last week, when I repeatedly asked Secretary Rice what would happen if the Iraqi Government failed to meet the benchmarks the President has called for and says are an integral part of their rationale for escalation, she couldn't give me an answer. When I asked her if there were any circumstances whatsoever in which we would tell the Iraqis that their failure to make progress means the end of our military commitment, she could not give me an answer. This is simply not good enough. When you ask how many more months and how many more dollars and how many more lives it will take to end the policy that everyone now knows has not succeeded, ``I don't know'' isn't good enough.

Over the past 4 years, we have given this administration every chance to get this right, and they have disappointed us many times. But ultimately it is our brave men and women in uniform and their families who bear the greatest burden for these mistakes. They have performed in an exemplary fashion. At no stage have they faltered in the mission that has been presented to them.

Unfortunately, the strategy, the tactics, and the mission itself have been flawed. That is why Congress now has the duty to prevent even more mistakes and bring this war to a responsible end. That is why I plan to introduce legislation which I believe will stop the escalation of this war by placing a cap on the number of soldiers in Iraq. I wish to emphasize that I am not unique in taking this approach. I know Senator Dodd has crafted similar legislation. Senator Clinton, I believe, yesterday indicated she shared similar views. The cap would not affect the money spent on the war or on our troops, but it would write into law that the number of U.S. forces in Iraq should not exceed the number that were there on January 10, 2007, the day the President announced his escalation policy.

This measure would stop the escalation of the war in Iraq, but it is my belief that simply opposing the surge is not good enough. If we truly believe the only solution in Iraq is a political one--and I fervently believe that--if we believe a phased redeployment of U.S. forces in Iraq is the best--perhaps only--leverage we have to force a settlement between the country's warring factions, then we should act on that. That is why the second part of my legislation is a plan for phased redeployment that I called for in a speech in Chicago 2 months ago. It is a responsible plan that protects American troops without causing Iraq to suddenly descend into chaos. The President must announce to the Iraqi people that within 2 to 4 months, under this plan, U.S. policy will include a gradual and substantial reduction in U.S. forces. The President should then work with our military commanders to map out the best plan for such a redeployment and determine precise levels and dates.

Drawing down our troops in Iraq will put pressure on Iraqis to arrive at the political settlement that is needed and allow us to redeploy additional troops in Afghanistan and elsewhere in the region, as well as bring some back home. The forces redeployed elsewhere in the region could then help to prevent the conflict in Iraq from becoming a wider war, something that every international observer is beginning to worry about. It will also reassure our allies in the Gulf. It will allow our troops to strike directly at al-Qaida wherever it may exist and demonstrate to international terrorist organizations that they have not driven us from the region.

My plan would couple this phased redeployment with an enhanced effort to train Iraqi security forces and would expand the number of our personnel--especially special forces--who are deployed with Iraqis as unit advisers and would finally link continued economic aid in Iraq with the existence of tangible progress toward reducing sectarian violence and reaching a political settlement.

One final aspect of this plan that I believe is critical is it would call for engagement by the United States in a regional conference with other countries that are involved in the Middle East--particularly our allies, but including Syria and Iran--to find a solution to the war in Iraq. We have to realize that neither Iran nor Syria wants to see the security vacuum in Iraq filled with chaos, terrorism, refugees, and violence, as it could have a destabilizing effect throughout the entire region and within their own countries. So as odious as the behavior of those regimes may be at times, it is important that we include them in a broader conversation about how we can stabilize Iraq.

In closing, let me say this: I have been a consistent and strong opponent of this war. I have also tried to act responsibly in that opposition to ensure that, having made the decision to go into Iraq, we provide our troops, who perform valiantly, the support they need to complete their mission. I have also stated publicly that I think we have both strategic interests and humanitarian responsibilities in ensuring that Iraq is as stable as possible under the circumstances.

Finally, I said publicly that it is my preference not to micromanage the Commander-in-Chief in the prosecution of war. Ultimately, I do not believe that is the ideal role for Congress to play. But at a certain point, we have to draw a line. At a certain point, the American people have to have some confidence that we are not simply going down this blind alley in perpetuity.

When it comes to the war in Iraq, the time for promises and assurances, for waiting and patience is over. Too many lives have been lost and too many billions have been spent for us to trust the President on another tried-and-failed policy, opposed by generals and experts, opposed by Democrats and Republicans, opposed by Americans and even the Iraqis themselves. It is time to change our policy. It is time to give Iraqis their country back, and it is time to refocus America's effort on the wider struggle against terror yet to be won.

 Thank you Ron Pollack and thank you Families USA for inviting me to speak here this morning.

On this January morning of two thousand and seven, more than sixty years after President Truman first issued the call for national health insurance, we find ourselves in the midst of an historic moment on health care. From Maine to California, from business to labor, from Democrats to Republicans, the emergence of new and bold proposals from across the spectrum has effectively ended the debate over whether or not we should have universal health care in this country.

Plans that tinker and halfway measures now belong to yesterday. The President's latest proposal that does little to bring down cost or guarantee coverage falls into this category. There will be many others offered in the coming campaign, and I am working with experts to develop my own plan as we speak, but let's make one thing clear right here, right now:

In the 2008 campaign, affordable, universal health care for every single American must not be a question of whether, it must be a question of how. We have the ideas, we have the resources, and we must find the will to pass a plan by the end of the next president's first term.

I know there's a cynicism out there about whether this can happen, and there's reason for it. Every four years, health care plans are offered up in campaigns with great fanfare and promise. But once those campaigns end, the plans collapse under the weight of Washington politics, leaving the rest of America to struggle with skyrocketing costs.

For too long, this debate has been stunted by what I call the smallness of our politics - the idea that there isn't much we can agree on or do about the major challenges facing our country. And when some try to propose something bold, the interests groups and the partisans treat it like a sporting event, with each side keeping score of who's up and who's down, using fear and divisiveness and other cheap tricks to win their argument, even if we lose our solution in the process.

Well we can't afford another disappointing charade in 2008. It's not only tiresome, it's wrong. Wrong when businesses have to layoff one employee because they can't afford the health care of another. Wrong when a parent cannot take a sick child to the doctor because they cannot afford the bill that comes with it. Wrong when 46 million Americans have no health care at all. In a country that spends more on health care than any other nation on Earth, it's just wrong.

And yet, in recent years, what's caught the attention of those who haven't always been in favor of reform is the realization that this crisis isn't just morally offensive, it's economically untenable. For years, the can't-do crowd has scared the American people into believing that universal health care would mean socialized medicine and burdensome taxes - that we should just stay out of the way and tinker at the margins.

You know the statistics. Family premiums are up by nearly 87% over the last five years, growing five times faster than workers' wages. Deductibles are up 50%. Co-payments for care and prescriptions are through the roof.

Nearly 11 million Americans who are already insured spent more than a quarter of their salary on health care last year. And over half of all family bankruptcies today are caused by medical bills.

But they say it's too costly to act.

Almost half of all small businesses no longer offer health care to their workers, and so many others have responded to rising costs by laying off workers or shutting their doors for good. Some of the biggest corporations in America, giants of industry like GM and Ford, are watching foreign competitors based in countries with universal health care run circles around them, with a GM car containing twice as much health care cost as a Japanese car.

But they say it's too risky to act.

They tell us it's too expensive to cover the uninsured, but they don't mention that every time an American without health insurance walks into an emergency room, we pay even more. Our family's premiums are $922 higher because of the cost of care for the uninsured.

We pay $15 billion more in taxes because of the cost of care for the uninsured. And it's trapped us in a vicious cycle. As the uninsured cause premiums to rise, more employers drop coverage. As more employers drop coverage, more people become uninsured, and premiums rise even further.

But the skeptics tell us that reform is too costly, too risky, too impossible for America.

Well the skeptics must be living somewhere else. Because when you see what the health care crisis is doing to our families, to our economy, to our country, you realize that caution is what's costly. Inaction is what's risky. Doing nothing is what's impossible when it comes to health care in America.

It's time to act. This isn't a problem of money, this is a problem of will. A failure of leadership. We already spend $2.2 trillion a year on health care in this country. My colleague, Senator Ron Wyden, who's recently developed a bold new health care plan of his own, tells it this way:

For the money Americans spent on health care last year, we could have hired a group of skilled physicians, paid each one of them $200,000 to care for just seven families, and guaranteed every single American quality, affordable health care.

So where's all that money going? We know that a quarter of it - one out of every four health care dollars - is spent on non-medical costs; mostly bills and paperwork. And we also know that this is completely unnecessary. Almost every other industry in the world has saved billions on these administrative costs by doing it all online. Every transaction you make at a bank now costs them less than a penny. Even at the Veterans Administration, where it used to cost nine dollars to pull up your medical record, new technology means you can call up the same record on the internet for next to nothing.

But because we haven't updated technology in the rest of the health care industry, a single transaction still costs up to twenty-five dollars - not one dime of which goes toward improving the quality of our health care.

This is simply inexcusable, and if we brought our entire health care system online, something everyone from Ted Kennedy to Newt Gingrich believes we should do, we'd already be saving over $600 million a year on health care costs.

The federal government should be leading the way here. If you do business with the federal employee health benefits program, you should move to an electronic claims system. If you are a provider who works with Medicare, you should have to report your patient's health outcomes, so that we can figure out, on a national level, how to improve health care quality. These are all things experts tell us must be done but aren't being done. And the federal government should lead.

Another, more controversial area we need to look at is how much of our health care spending is going toward the record-breaking profits earned by the drug and health care industry. It's perfectly understandable for a corporation to try and make a profit, but when those profits are soaring higher and higher each year while millions lose their coverage and premiums skyrocket, we have a responsibility to ask why.

At a time when businesses are facing increased competition and workers rarely stay with one company throughout their lives, we also have to ask if the employer-based system of health care itself is still the best for providing insurance to all Americans. We have to ask what we can do to provide more Americans with preventative care, which would mean fewer doctor's visits and less cost down the road. We should make sure that every single child who's eligible is signed up for the children's health insurance program, and the federal government should make sure that our states have the money to make that happen. And we have to start looking at some of the interesting ideas on comprehensive reform that are coming out of states like Maine and Illinois and California, to see what we can replicate on a national scale and what will move us toward that goal of universal coverage for all.

But regardless of what combination of policies and proposals get us to this goal, we must reach it. We must act. And we must act boldly. As one health care advocate recently said, "The most expensive course is to do nothing." But it wasn't a liberal Democrat or union leader who said this.

It was the president of the very health industry association that funded the "Harry and Louise" ads designed to kill the Clinton health care plan in the early nineties.

The debate in this country over health care has shifted. The support for comprehensive reform that organizations like Families USA have worked so hard to build is now widespread, and the diverse group of business and health industry interests that are part of your Health Care Coverage Coalition is a testament to that success. And so Washington no longer has an excuse for caution. Leaders no longer have a reason to be timid. And America can no longer afford inaction. That's not who we are - and that's not the story of our nation's improbable progress.

Half a century ago, America found itself in the midst of another health care crisis. For millions of elderly Americans, the single greatest cause of poverty and hardship was the crippling cost of health care and the lack of affordable insurance. Two out of every three elderly Americans had annual incomes of less than $1,000, and only one in eight had health insurance.

As health care and hospital costs continued to rise, more and more private insurers simply refused to insure our elderly, believing they were too great of a risk to care for.

The resistance to action was fierce. Proponents of health care reform were opposed by well-financed, well-connected interest groups who spared no expense in telling the American people that these efforts were "dangerous" and "un-American," "revolutionary" and even "deadly."

And yet the reformers marched on. They testified before Congress and they took their case to the country and they introduced dozens of different proposals but always, always they stood firm on their goal to provide health care for every American senior. And finally, after years of advocacy and negotiation and plenty of setbacks, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Medicare bill into law on July 30th of 1965.

The signing ceremony was held in Missouri, in a town called Independence, with the first man who was bold enough to issue the call for universal health care - President Harry Truman.

And as he stood with Truman by his side and signed what would become the most successful government program in history - a program that had seemed impossible for so long - President Johnson looked out at the crowd and said, "History shapes men, but it is a necessary faith of leadership that men can help shape history."

Never forget that we have it within our power to shape history in this country. It is not in our character to sit idly by as victims of fate or circumstance, for we are a people of action and innovation, forever pushing the boundaries of what's possible.

Now is the time to push those boundaries once more. We have come so far in the debate on health care in this country, but now we must finally answer the call first issued by Truman, advanced by Johnson, and fought for by so many leaders and Americans throughout the last century. The time has come for universal health care in America. And I look forward to working with all of you to meet this challenge in the weeks and months to come. Thank you. 098-Floor-Statement-on-Iraq-War-Deescalation-Act-of-2007-Obama-Speech.htm

Floor Statement on Iraq War De-escalation Act of 2007- Complete Text

TOPIC: Iraq


Tuesday, January 30, 2007
Floor Statement on Iraq War De-escalation Act of 2007
Complete Text


Mr. President, today in Iraq, we sadly find ourselves at the very point I feared most when I opposed giving the President the open-ended authority to wage this war in 2002 - an occupation of undetermined length, at undetermined cost, with undetermined consequences in the midst of a country torn by civil war.

The American people have waited and the American people have been patient. We have given chance after chance for a resolution that has not come, and, more importantly, watched with horror and grief the tragic loss of thousands of brave young American soldiers.

The time for waiting in Iraq is over. The days of our open-ended commitment must come to a close. And the need to bring this war to an end is here.

That is why today, I'm introducing the Iraq War De-escalation Act of 2007.

This plan would not only place a cap on the number of troops in Iraq and stop the escalation, more importantly, it would begin a phased redeployment of U.S. forces with the goal of removing of all U.S. combat forces from Iraq by March 31st, 2008 - consistent with the expectations of the bipartisan Iraq study group that the President has so assiduously ignored.

The redeployment of troops to the United States, Afghanistan, and elsewhere in the region would begin no later than May 1st of this year, toward the end of the timeframe I first proposed in a speech more than two months ago. In a civil war where no military solution exists, this redeployment remains our best leverage to pressure the Iraqi government to achieve the political settlement between its warring factions that can slow the bloodshed and promote stability.

My plan allows for a limited number of U.S. troops to remain as basic force protection, to engage in counter-terrorism, and to continue the training of Iraqi security forces.

And if the Iraqis are successful in meeting the thirteen benchmarks for progress laid out by the Bush Administration itself, this plan also allows for the temporary suspension of the redeployment, provided Congress agrees that the benchmarks have actually been met and that the suspension is in the national security interest of the United States.

The U.S. military has performed valiantly and brilliantly in Iraq. Our troops have done all that we have asked them to do and more. But no amount of American soldiers can solve the political differences at the heart of somebody else's civil war, nor settle the grievances in the hearts of the combatants.

It is my firm belief that the responsible course of action - for the United States, for Iraq, and for our troops - is to oppose this reckless escalation and to pursue a new policy. This policy that I've laid out is consistent with what I have advocated for well over a year, with many of the recommendations of the bipartisan Iraq Study Group, and with what the American people demanded in the November election.

When it comes to the war in Iraq, the time for promises and assurances, for waiting and patience, is over. Too many lives have been lost and too many billions have been spent for us to trust the President on another tried and failed policy opposed by generals and experts, Democrats and Republicans, Americans and many of the Iraqis themselves.

It is time for us to fundamentally change our policy.

It is time to give Iraqis their country back.

And it is time to refocus America's efforts on the challenges we face at home and the wider struggle against terror yet to be won.

I want to start by saying how blessed I feel to be a part of today and how grateful I am for your church and your pastor, my friend Rick Warren.

Ever since Rick and Kay visited Africa to see the pain and suffering wrought by AIDS, the Warrens and this church have proved each day that faith is not just something you have, it's something you do. Their decision to devote their time, their money, and their purpose-driven lives to the greatest health crisis in human history is not one that's always reported on the news or splashed across the front pages, but it is quietly becoming one of the most influential forces in the struggle against HIV and AIDS. The resources of governments may be vast, and the good works of philanthropists may be abundant, but we should never underestimate how powerful the passion of people of faith can be in eradicating this disease.

One of those passionate individuals is the man we just heard from - my friend and colleague, Sam Brownback. Now, Sam and I may not agree on every issue, but I could not be more impressed with his efforts on issues like AIDS, the crisis in the Congo, the genocide in Darfur and sexual trafficking - issues that touch some of the world's most vulnerable people. I am proud to work with him on many of these issues, and I'm proud to be by his side today.

I took my own trip to Africa a few months ago. As I'm sure Rick and Kay would agree, it's an experience that stays with you for quite some time. I visited an HIV/AIDS hospital in South Africa that was filled to capacity with people who walked hours - even days - just for the chance to seek help. I met courageous patients who refused to give up for themselves or their families. And I came across AIDS activists who meet resistance from their own government but keep on fighting anyway.

But of all that I heard, I encountered few stories as heartbreaking as the one recently told by Laurie Goering, a Chicago Tribune reporter based in Johannesburg who had covered our trip for her newspaper.

Three years ago, Laurie hired a woman named Hlengiwe Leocardia Mchunu as her nanny. Leo, as she is known, grew up as one of nine children in a small South African village. All through her life, she worked hard to raise her two kids and save every last penny she earned, and by the time Leo was hired as Laurie's nanny, she had almost finished paying off the mortgage on her home. She had even hoped to use the extra money from her new job to open a refuge for local children who had been orphaned by AIDS.

Then one day, Leo received a phone call that her eldest brother had fallen ill. At first he told everyone it was diabetes, but later, in the hospital, admitted to the family it was AIDS. He died a few days later. His wife succumbed to the disease as well. And Leo took in their three children.

Six months later, Leo got another phone call. Her younger brother had also become sick with AIDS. She cared for him and nursed him as she did her first brother, but he soon died as well.

Leo's pregnant sister was next. And then another brother. And then another brother.

She paid for their caskets and their funerals. She took in their children and paid for their schooling. She ran out of money, and she borrowed what she could. She ran out again, and she borrowed even more.

And still, the phone calls continued. All across her tiny village, Leo watched more siblings and cousins and nieces and nephews test positive for HIV. She saw neighbors lose their families. She saw a grandmother house sixteen orphaned grandchildren under her roof. And she saw some children go hungry because there was no one to care for them at all.

You know, AIDS is a story often told by numbers. 40 million infected with HIV. Nearly 4.5 million this year alone. 12 million orphans in Africa. 8,000 deaths and 6,000 new infections every single day. In some places, 90% of those with HIV do not know they have it. And we just learned that AIDS is set to become the 3rd leading cause of death worldwide in the coming years.

They are staggering, these numbers, and they help us understand the magnitude of this pandemic. But when repeated by themselves, statistics can also numb - they can hide the individual stories and tragedies and hopes of the Leos who live the daily drama of this disease.

On this World AIDS day, these are the stories that the world needs to hear. They are the stories that touch our souls - and that call us to action.

I cannot begin to imagine what it would be like if Leo's family was my own. If I had to answer those phone calls - if I had to attend those funerals. All I know is that no matter how or why my family became sick, I would be called to care for them and comfort them and do what I could to help find a cure. I know every one of you would do the same if it were your family.

Here's the thing - my faith tells me that Leo's family is my family.

We are all sick because of AIDS - and we are all tested by this crisis. It is a test not only of our willingness to respond, but of our ability to look past the artificial divisions and debates that have often shaped that response. When you go to places like Africa and you see this problem up close, you realize that it's not a question of either treatment or prevention - or even what kind of prevention - it is all of the above. It is not an issue of either science or values - it is both. Yes, there must be more money spent on this disease. But there must also be a change in hearts and minds; in cultures and attitudes. Neither philanthropist nor scientist; neither government nor church, can solve this problem on their own - AIDS must be an all-hands-on-deck effort.

Let's talk about what these efforts involve. First, if we hope to win this fight, we must stop new infections - we must do what we can to prevent people from contracting HIV in the first place.

Now, too often, the issue of prevention has been framed in either/or terms. For some, the only way to prevent the disease is for men and women to change their sexual behavior - in particular, to abstain from sexual activity outside of marriage. For others, such a prescription is unrealistic; they argue that we need to provide people with the tools they need to protect themselves from the virus, regardless of their sexual practices - in particular, by increasing the use of condoms, as well as by developing new methods, like microbicides, that women can initiate themselves to prevent transmission during sex. And in the debate surrounding how we should tackle the scourge of AIDS, we often see each side questioning the other's motives, and thereby impeding progress.

For me, this is a false argument. Let me say this - I don't think we can deny that there is a moral and spiritual component to prevention - that in too many places all over the world where AIDS is prevalent - including our own country, by the way - the relationship between men and women, between sexuality and spirituality, has broken down, and needs to be repaired.

It was striking to see this as I traveled through South Africa and Kenya. Again and again, I heard stories of men and women contracting HIV because sex was no longer part of a sacred covenant, but a mechanical physical act; because men had visited prostitutes and brought the disease home to their wives, or young girls had been subjected to rape and abuse.

These are issues of prevention we cannot walk away from. When a husband thinks it's acceptable to hide his infidelity from his wife, it's not only a sin, it's a potential death sentence. And when rape is still seen as a woman's fault and a woman's shame, but promiscuity is a man's prerogative, it is a problem of the heart that no government can solve. It is, however, a place where local ministries and churches like Saddleback can, and have, made a real difference - by providing people with a moral framework to make better choices.

Having said that, I also believe that we cannot ignore that abstinence and fidelity may too often be the ideal and not the reality - that we are dealing with flesh and blood men and women and not abstractions - and that if condoms and potentially microbicides can prevent millions of deaths, they should be made more widely available. I know that there are those who, out of sincere religious conviction, oppose such measures. And with these folks, I must respectfully but unequivocally disagree. I do not accept the notion that those who make mistakes in their lives should be given an effective death sentence. Nor am I willing to stand by and allow those who are entirely innocent - wives who, because of the culture they live in, often have no power to refuse sex with their husbands, or children who are born with the infection as a consequence of their parent's behavior -suffer when condoms or other measures would have kept them from harm.

Another area where we can make significant progress in prevention is by removing the stigma that goes along with getting tested for HIV-AIDS. The idea that in some places, nine in ten people with HIV have no idea they're infected is more than frightening - it's a ticking time bomb waiting to go off.

So we need to show people that just as there is no shame in going to the doctor for a blood test or a CAT scan or a mammogram, there is no shame in going for an HIV test. Because while there was once a time when a positive result gave little hope, today the earlier you know, the faster you can get help. My wife Michelle and I were able to take the test on our trip to Africa, after the Center for Disease Control informed us that by getting a simple 15 minute test, we may have encouraged as many as half-a-million Kenyans to get tested as well. Rick Warren has also taken the test. Sam Brownback and I took it today. And I encourage others in public life to do the same. We've got to spread the word to as many people as possible. It's time for us to set an example for others to follow.

Of course, even as we work diligently to slow the rate of new infection, we also have a responsibility to treat the 40 million people who are already living with HIV.

In some ways, this should be the easy part. Because we know what works. We know how to save people's lives. We know the medicine is out there and we know that wealthy countries can afford to do more.

That's why it was so frustrating for me to go to South Africa, and see the pain, and see the suffering, and then hear that the country's Minister of Health had promoted the use of beet root, sweet potato, and lemon juice as the best way to cure HIV. Thankfully, the South African government eventually repudiated this, but it's impossible to overestimate how important it is for political leaders like this to set a good example for their people.

We should never forget that God granted us the power to reason so that we would do His work here on Earth - so that we would use science to cure disease, and heal the sick, and save lives. And one of the miracles to come out of the AIDS pandemic is that scientists have discovered medicine that can give people with HIV a new chance at life.

We are called to give them that chance. We have made progress - in South Africa, treatment provided to pregnant women has drastically reduced the incidents of infants born with the infection. But despite such progress, only one in every five people with HIV around the world is receiving antiretroviral drug treatment. One in every five. We must do better. We should work with drug companies to reduce the costs of generic anti-retroviral drugs, and work with developing nations to help them build the health infrastructure that's necessary to get sick people treated - this means more money for hospitals and medical equipment, and more training for nurses and doctors.

We need a renewed emphasis on nutrition. Right now we're finding out that there are people who are on the drugs, who are getting treatment, who are still dying because they don't have any food to eat. This is inexcusable - especially in countries that have sufficient food supplies. So we must help get them that nutrition, and this is another place where religious organizations that have always provided food to the hungry can help a great deal.

And even as we focus on the enormous crisis in Africa, we need to remember that the problem is not in Africa alone. In the last few years, we have seen an alarming rise in infection rates in the Middle East, Southeast Asia, the former Soviet Union, Eastern Europe, and the Caribbean. And on this World AIDS day, we cannot forget the crisis occurring in our own backyard. Right here in the United States, AIDS is now the leading cause of death for African American women aged 25-34, and we are also seeing many poorer and rural communities fail to get the resources they need to deal with their vulnerable populations - a problem that unfortunately some in Congress are trying to address by taking money away from larger cities that are still facing enormous problems of their own.

Now let me say this - I think that President Bush and this past Congress should be applauded for the resources they have contributed to the fight against HIV and AIDS. Through our country's emergency plan for AIDS relief, the United States will have contributed more than $15 billion over five years to combat HIV-AIDS overseas. And the Global Fund, with money from the United States and other countries, has done some heroic work to fight this disease. As I traveled throughout Africa this summer, I was proud of the tangible impact that all this money was having, often through coordinated efforts with the Centers for Disease Control, the State Department, foreign governments, and non-governmental organizations.

So our first priority in Congress should be to reauthorize this program when it expires in 2008. Our second priority should be to reassess what's worked and what hasn't so that we're not wasting one dollar that could be saving someone's life.

But our third priority should be to actually boost our contribution to this effort. With all that is left to be done in this struggle - with all the other areas of the world that need our help - it's time for us to add at least an additional $1 billion a year in new money over the next five years to strengthen and expand the program to places like Southeast Asia, India, and Eastern Europe, where the pandemic will soon reach crisis proportions.

Of course, given all the strains that have been placed on the U.S. budget, and given the extraordinary needs that we face here at home, it may be hard to find the money. But I believe we must try. I believe it will prove to be a wise investment. The list of reasons for us to care about AIDS is long. In an interconnected, globalized world, the ability of pandemics to spread to other countries and continents has never been easier or faster than it is today. There are also security implications, as countries whose populations and economies have been ravaged by AIDS become fertile breeding grounds for civil strife and even terror.

But the reason for us to step up our efforts can't simply be instrumental. There are more fundamental reasons to care. Reasons related to our own humanity. Reasons of the soul.

Like no other illness, AIDS tests our ability to put ourselves in someone else's shoes - to empathize with the plight of our fellow man. While most would agree that the AIDS orphan or the transfusion victim or the wronged wife contracted the disease through no fault of their own, it has too often been easy for some to point to the unfaithful husband or the promiscuous youth or the gay man and say "This is your fault. You have sinned."

I don't think that's a satisfactory response. My faith reminds me that we all are sinners.

My faith also tells me that - as Pastor Rick has said - it is not a sin to be sick. My Bible tells me that when God sent his only Son to Earth, it was to heal the sick and comfort the weary; to feed the hungry and clothe the naked; to befriend the outcast and redeem those who strayed from righteousness.

Living His example is the hardest kind of faith - but it is surely the most rewarding. It is a way of life that can not only light our way as people of faith, but guide us to a new and better politics as Americans.

For in the end, we must realize that the AIDS orphan in Africa presents us with the same challenge as the gang member in South Central, or the Katrina victim in New Orleans, or the uninsured mother in North Dakota.

We can turn away from these Americans, and blame their problems on themselves, and embrace a politics that's punitive and petty, divisive and small.

Or we can embrace another tradition of politics - a tradition that has stretched from the days of our founding to the glory of the civil rights movement, a tradition based on the simple idea that we have a stake in one another - and that what binds us together is greater than what drives us apart, and that if enough people believe in the truth of that proposition and act on it, then we might not solve every problem, but we can get something meaningful done for the people with whom we share this Earth.

Let me close by returning to the story of Leo, that South African woman burdened by so much death and despair. Sometime after the death of her fifth sibling, she decided that she wasn't just going to stand idly by. She decided to call the town's first public meeting about the AIDS crisis - something that no one had even talked about, let alone met about. 200 people showed up. Some had walked for miles to get there, a few with their grandchildren on their back.

One by one, they stood up and broke their silence, and they told their stories. Stories of tragedy, and stories of hope. And when they were done, Leo rose and said, "I don't know whether we will win this war, but I'm looking for people who will stand up and face the reality. The time for sitting silently has come to an end."

Everything did not suddenly get better after that meeting, but some things did. Despite all the children she had to raise and all the sick relatives she still had to care for, Leo still decided to open the AIDS orphanage she had dreamed about so long ago. She began building a daycare center that would house one hundred orphans. And she started plans on a youth center and a soup kitchen.

I hear that part of the story and I think, if this woman who has so little, and has lost so much, can do so much good - if she can still make a way out of no way - then what are we waiting for?

Corinthians says that we are all of one spirit, and that "if one part suffers, every part suffers with it." But it also says, "if one part is honored, every part rejoices with it."

On this World AIDS day, it is the stories of overcoming, and not just illness, that the world needs to hear. Yes, the stories of sadness call us to suffer with the sick. But stories like Leo's also call us to honor her example, rejoice in the hope that it brings, and work to help her find that brighter future.

I want to thank first of all the King family, we would not be here without them, I want to thank Mr. Johnson and the foundation for allowing me to share this day with all of you. I wish to recognize as well my colleagues in the United States Senate who have helped make today possible. Senators Paul Sarbanes and John Warner, who wrote the bill for this memorial. Senators Thad Cochran and Robert Byrd who appropriated the money to help build it. Thank you all.

I have two daughters, ages five and eight. And when I see the plans for this memorial, I think about what it will like when I first bring them here upon the memorial's completion. I imagine us walking down to this tidal basin, between one memorial dedicated to the man who helped give birth to a nation, and another dedicated to the man who preserved it. I picture us walking beneath the shadows cast by the Mountain of Despair, and gazing up at the Stone of Hope, and reading the quotes on the wall together as the water falls like rain.

And at some point, I know that one of my daughters will ask, perhaps my youngest, will ask, "Daddy, why is this monument here? What did this man do?"

How might I answer them? Unlike the others commemorated in this place, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was not a president of the United States - at no time in his life did he hold public office. He was not a hero of foreign wars. He never had much money, and while he lived he was reviled at least as much as he was celebrated. By his own accounts, he was a man frequently racked with doubt, a man not without flaws, a man who, like Moses before him, more than once questioned why he had been chosen for so arduous a task - the task of leading a people to freedom, the task of healing the festering wounds of a nation's original sin.

And yet lead a nation he did. Through words he gave voice to the voiceless. Through deeds he gave courage to the faint of heart. By dint of vision, and determination, and most of all faith in the redeeming power of love, he endured the humiliation of arrest, the loneliness of a prison cell, the constant threats to his life, until he finally inspired a nation to transform itself, and begin to live up to the meaning of its creed.

Like Moses before him, he would never live to see the Promised Land. But from the mountain top, he pointed the way for us - a land no longer torn asunder with racial hatred and ethnic strife, a land that measured itself by how it treats the least of these, a land in which strength is defined not simply by the capacity to wage war but by the determination to forge peace - a land in which all of God's children might come together in a spirit of brotherhood.

We have not yet arrived at this longed for place. For all the progress we have made, there are times when the land of our dreams recedes from us - when we are lost, wandering spirits, content with our suspicions and our angers, our long-held grudges and petty disputes, our frantic diversions and tribal allegiances.

And yet, by erecting this monument, we are reminded that this different, better place beckons us, and that we will find it not across distant hills or within some hidden valley, but rather we will find it somewhere in our hearts.

In the Book of Micah, Chapter 6, verse 8, the prophet says that God has already told us what is good.

"What doth the Lord require of thee, the verse tells us, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?"

The man we honor today did what God required. In the end, that is what I will tell my daughters - I will leave it to their teachers and their history books to tell them the rest. As Dr. King asked to be remembered, I will tell them that this man gave his life serving others. I will tell them that this man tried to love somebody. I will tell them that because he did these things, they live today with the freedom God intended, their citizenship unquestioned, their dreams unbounded. And I will tell them that they too can love. That they too can serve. And that each generation is beckoned anew, to fight for what is right, and strive for what is just, and to find within itself the spirit, the sense of purpose, that can remake a nation and transform a world. Thank you very much.

Mr. President, I am proud to be sponsoring this amendment with the senior senator from West Virginia. He's absolutely right that Congress has abrogated its oversight responsibilities, and one way to reverse that troubling trend is to adopt a sunset provision in this bill. We did that in the Patriot Act, and that allowed us to make important revisions to the bill that reflected our experience about what worked and didn't work during the previous 5 years. We should do that again with this important piece of legislation.

But I want to take a few minutes to speak more broadly about the bill before us.

I may have only been in this body for a short while, but I am not naive to the political considerations that go along with many of the decisions we make here. I realize that soon, we will adjourn for the fall, and the campaigning will begin in earnest. And there will be 30-second attack ads and negative mail pieces, and we will be criticized as caring more about the rights of terrorists than the protection of Americans. And I know that the vote before us was specifically designed and timed to add more fuel to that fire.

And yet, while I know all of this, I'm still disappointed. Because what we're doing here today - a debate over the fundamental human rights of the accused - should be bigger than politics. This is serious.

If this was a debate with obvious ideological differences - heartfelt convictions that couldn't be settled by compromise - I would understand. But it's not.

All of us - Democrats and Republicans - want to do whatever it takes to track down terrorists and bring them to justice as swiftly as possible. All of us want to give our President every tool necessary to do this. And all of us were willing to do that in this bill. Anyone who says otherwise is lying to the American people.

In the five years that the President's system of military tribunals has existed, not one terrorist has been tried. Not one has been convicted. And in the end, the Supreme Court of the United found the whole thing unconstitutional, which is why we're here today.

We could have fixed all of this in a way that allows us to detain and interrogate and try suspected terrorists while still protecting the accidentally accused from spending their lives locked away in Guantanamo Bay. Easily. This was not an either-or question.

Instead of allowing this President - or any President - to decide what does and does not constitute torture, we could have left the definition up to our own laws and to the Geneva Conventions, as we would have if we passed the bill that the Armed Services committee originally offered.

Instead of detainees arriving at Guantanamo and facing a Combatant Status Review Tribunal that allows them no real chance to prove their innocence with evidence or a lawyer, we could have developed a real military system of justice that would sort out the suspected terrorists from the accidentally accused.

And instead of not just suspending, but eliminating, the right of habeas corpus - the seven century-old right of individuals to challenge the terms of their own detention, we could have given the accused one chance - one single chance - to ask the government why they are being held and what they are being charged with.

But politics won today. Politics won. The Administration got its vote, and now it will have its victory lap, and now they will be able to go out on the campaign trail and tell the American people that they were the ones who were tough on the terrorists.

And yet, we have a bill that gives the terrorist mastermind of 9/11 his day in court, but not the innocent people we may have accidentally rounded up and mistaken for terrorists - people who may stay in prison for the rest of their lives.

And yet, we have a report authored by sixteen of our own government's intelligence agencies, a previous draft of which described, and I quote, "...actions by the United States government that were determined to have stoked the jihad movement, like the indefinite detention of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay..."

And yet, we have Al Qaeda and the Taliban regrouping in Afghanistan while we look the other way. We have a war in Iraq that our own government's intelligence says is serving as Al Qaeda's best recruitment tool. And we have recommendations from the bipartisan 9/11 commission that we still refuse to implement five years after the fact.

The problem with this bill is not that it's too tough on terrorists. The problem with this bill is that it's sloppy. And the reason it's sloppy is because we rushed it to serve political purposes instead of taking the time to do the job right.

I've heard, for example, the argument that it should be military courts, and not federal judges, who should make decisions on these detainees. I actually agree with that. The problem is that the structure of the military proceedings has been poorly thought through. Indeed, the regulations that are supposed to be governing administrative hearings for these detainees, which should have been issued months ago, still haven't been issued. Instead, we have rushed through a bill that stands a good chance of being challenged once again in the Supreme Court.

This is not how a serious Administration would approach the problem of terrorism. I know the President came here today and was insisting that this is supposed to be our primary concern. He's absolutely right it should be our primary concern - which is why we should be approaching this with a somberness and seriousness that this Administration has not displayed with this legislation.

Now, let me be clear - for those who plot terror against the United States, I hope God has mercy on their soul, because I certainly do not. And for those who our government suspects of terror, I support whatever tools are necessary to try them and uncover their plot.

But we also know that some have been detained who have no connection to terror whatsoever. We've already had reports from the CIA and various generals over the last few years saying that many of the detainees at Guantanamo shouldn't have been there - as one U.S. commander of Guantanamo told the Wall Street Journal, "Sometimes, we just didn't get the right folks." And we all know about the recent case of the Canadian man who was suspected of terrorist connections, detained in New York, sent to Syria, and tortured, only to find out later that it was all a case of mistaken identity and poor information.

In the future, people like this may never have a chance to prove their innocence. They may remain locked away forever.

And the sad part about all of this is that this betrayal of American values is unnecessary. We could've drafted a bipartisan, well-structured bill that provided adequate due process through the military courts, had an effective review process that would've prevented frivolous lawsuits being filed and kept lawyers from clogging our courts, but upheld the basic ideals that have made this country great.

Instead, what we have is a flawed document that in fact betrays the best instincts of some of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle - those who worked in a bipartisan fashion in the Armed Services Committee to craft a bill that we could have been proud of. And they essentially got steamrolled by this Administration and by the imperatives of November 7th.

That is not how we should be doing business in the U.S. Senate, and that's not how we should be prosecuting this war on terrorism. When we're sloppy and cut corners, we are undermining those very virtues of America that will lead us to success in winning this war. At bare minimum, I hope we can at least pass this provision so that cooler heads can prevail after the silly season of politics is over.

 Now that summer's over and gas prices have finally come down a bit, there's a temptation to put any discussion about energy on the back burner until the next crisis arises. Gone are the days when the President would make sweeping pronouncements in his State of the Union about America's addiction to oil - today there is far more political mileage out of questioning Democrats' commitment to fighting terror than by affirming America's commitment to energy independence.

But as the President may or may not have learned by now, simply ignoring a problem doesn't make it go away. Because while headlines about price gouging and gas lines have temporarily faded from the news, new headlines have emerged that should have us every bit as concerned about the addiction we just can't seem to shake.

In just the last week, two in particular caught my eye.

One is from the Detroit Free Press, and it talks about how Ford Motor Company plans to cut 30,000 hourly jobs, 14,000 salaried jobs, and close sixteen plants by 2012.

Now, there are plenty of reasons for Ford's financial troubles, but one of the most glaring has been their inability to compete with foreign counterparts by transitioning to the fuel-efficient and hybrid vehicles that represent the future of the auto industry.

200,000 of these hybrids are driving around China today, a country that already has a higher fuel economy than we do. Over in Japan, Toyota is doubling production of the popular Prius to sell 100,000 in the U.S. this year. But at Ford, there are plans to make only 20,000 Escape Hybrids in 2006, and GM's brand won't be on the market until 2007. Meanwhile, the waiting lists for a hybrid car in this country get longer by the day.

These foreign auto companies are out-innovating and out-competing us, and if we do nothing to help U.S. carmakers, tens of thousands more jobs and billions in business will be heading overseas in the months to come.

Unfortunately, job losses and foreign competition are just the half of it. Because the second headline that caught my eye was in Saturday's New York Times, and it read, "Suicide Attacks Foiled at 2 Oil Sites in Yemen."

This news is disturbing, but not surprising. For years, Al Qaeda has been trying to attack Middle Eastern oil refineries as a way to wreak havoc on the U.S. economy. Osama bin Laden himself has said, "Focus your operations on oil, especially in Iraq and the Gulf area, since this will cause them to die off [on their own]." In the past, even minor attacks have caused global prices to jump $2 per barrel in a single day. And a former CIA agent tells us that if terrorists ever succeeded in destroying an entire oil complex, it could take enough oil off the market to cause financial catastrophe in America.

More than anything else, headlines like these represent a realization that goes far beyond the temporary rise and fall of gas prices. It's a realization that for all of our economic dominance - for all of our military might - the Achilles heel of the most powerful country on Earth is the oil we cannot live without.

The President knows this. That thousands of autoworkers are losing their jobs. That we spend $18 million on foreign oil ever hour. That our climate is changing and global temperatures are rising.

And yet, for someone who talks tough about defending America, actually solving our energy crisis seems to factor pretty low on the President's agenda.

And that's because as much as George Bush might want to defend America, he also needs to defend his vision of government - and that's a government that can't, won't, and shouldn't solve great national challenges like our energy dependence.

That's why the President's funding for renewable fuels is at the same level it was the day he took office. That's why his budget funds less then half of the energy bill he himself signed into law. That's why billions of tax dollars that could've been used to fund energy research went to the record-profiting oil companies instead.

And that's why it's time to stand up for a new vision of government this November.

You see, it's this timidity - this smallness - in our politics that's holding us back right now. The idea that some problems are just too big to handle, and if you just ignore them, sooner or later, they'll go away.

But that's not where the American people are. They still believe in an America where anything's possible - they just don't think their leaders do. They still dream big dreams - they just sense their leaders have forgotten how.

There's a reason that some have compared the quest for energy independence to the Manhattan Project or the Apollo moon landing. Like those historic efforts, moving away from an oil economy is a major challenge that will require a sustained national commitment.

During World War II, we had an entire country working around the clock to produce enough planes and tanks to beat the Axis powers. In the middle of the Cold War, we built a national highway system so we had a quick way to transport military equipment across the country. When we wanted to beat the Russians into space, we poured millions into a national education initiative that graduated thousands of new scientists and engineers.

If we hope to strengthen our security and create hundreds of thousands of new jobs, we can offer no less of a commitment to energy independence.

With technology we have on the shelves right now and fuels we can grow right here in America, by 2025 we can reduce our oil imports by over 7.5. million barrels per day - an amount greater than all the oil we are expected to import from the entire Middle East.

We start by producing cars that use less oil. The auto industry has not been asked to raise fuel economy standards in seventeen years, and lately we've just stopped asking them to.

Today, we have no choice. Starting in 2008, if we raised CAF'E standards a modest 3% a year over the next twelve years, by 2020 passenger vehicles would average 40.5 mpg and light trucks would average 32.6 mpg. This is by no means a dramatic increase - five years ago, the National Academy of Sciences concluded that raising CAF'E to 33 mpg for passenger cars could easily be done without compromising passenger safety.

Not only would this reduce America's oil consumption, but it would increase profits for the auto industry. Yesterday a University of Michigan report came out that said if the Big Three automakers took proactive steps to increase the fuel-efficiency of their vehicles, they would stand to gain up to $2 billion more in profits per year. But if they continue on their current path, they could stand to lose up to $3.6 billion in profits.

Of course, auto executives are right when they say that transitioning to these more fuel-efficient automobiles would be costly at a time of sagging profits and stiff competition, and that's precisely why the federal government shouldn't let the industry face these costs on their own.

We should strike a grand bargain with the Big Three automakers where the government picks up part of the tab for their retiree health care costs - a tab that ran almost $6.7 billion just last year - in exchange for the car companies using that savings to invest in more fuel-efficient cars.

Beyond raising CAFE, however, it's time we replace oil altogether as America's fuel of choice. This doesn't just mean singing the praises of ethanol and hoping that it finds its way into our fuel supply on its own. It means taking major steps now to put a national biofuel infrastructure in place.

Already, some cars on the road have the flexible-fuel tanks necessary for them to run on E85, a cheaper, cleaner blend of 85% ethanol and 15% gasoline. But millions upon millions of cars still don't have these tanks.

It's time for them to install those tanks in every single car they make, and it's time for the government to cover this small cost, which currently runs at just $100 per car. We should also make sure that from now on, every single automobile the government purchases is a flex-fuel vehicle.

It's also a time to start making E85 fueling stations more available to the public. Currently, only 681 out of 170,000 fueling stations in America offer E85 pumps. This is not acceptable. Every American should have the choice to fill up their car with E85 at any fueling station. And oil companies should stop standing in the way and join us in making this happen. If the big oil companies would devote just 1% of their first quarter profits this year to install E85 pumps, more than 7,000 service stations would be able to serve E85 to hungry motorists.

Finally, we should reduce the risk of investing in renewable fuels by providing loan guarantees and venture capital to those entrepreneurs with the best plans to develop and sell biofuels. And we should create a market for renewable fuels by ramping up the renewable fuel standard and creating an alternative diesel standard in this country that together would blend 65 billion gallons of renewable fuels into the petroleum supply each year.

In the days and months after September 11th, Americans were waiting to be called to something bigger than themselves. Just like their parents and grandparents of the Greatest Generation, they were willing to serve and defend their country - not only on the fields of war, but on the homefront too.

This is our chance to step up and serve. For decades, we have heard President after President call for energy independence in this country, but for decades, we have fallen short. Well it's time to call on ourselves. We shouldn't wait for the next time gas hits $3 a gallon - and we shouldn't accept any more headlines that talk about a dying auto industry or a terrorist plot to use oil as a weapon against America. We should act - and we should act now.

Now is the time for serious leadership to get us started down the path of energy independence. Now is the time for this call to arms. I hope some of the ideas I've laid out today can serve as a basis for this call, but I also hope that members of both parties and all levels of government can come together in the near future to launch this serious quest for energy independence.
The first time I came to Kenya was in 1987. I had just finished three years of work as a community organizer in low-income neighborhoods of Chicago, and was about to enroll in law school. My sister, Auma, was teaching that year at this university, and so I came to stay with her for a month.

My experience then was very different than it has been on this trip. Instead of a motorcade, we traveled in my sister's old VW Beetle, which even then was already ten years old. When it broke down in front of Uhuru Park, we had to push until some joakalis came to fix it by the side of the road. I slept on the couch of my sister's apartment, not a fancy hotel, and often took my meals at a small tea-house in downtown Nairobi. When we went upcountry, we traveled by train and matatu, with chickens and collard greens and sometimes babies placed in my lap.

But it was a magical trip. To begin with, I discovered the warmth and sense of community that the people of Kenya possess - their sense of hopefulness even in the face of great difficulty. I discovered the beauty of the land, a beauty that haunts you long after you've left.

And most importantly for me, I discovered the story of my father's life, and the story of his father before him.

I learned that my grandfather had been a cook for the British and, although he was a respected elder in his village, he was called "boy" by his employers for most of his life. I learned about the brutal repression of Operation Anvil, the days of rape and torture in the "Pipeline" camps, the lives that so many gave, and how my grandfather had been arrested briefly during this period, despite being at the periphery of Kenya's liberation struggles.

I learned how my father had grown up in a tiny village called Alego, near Siaya, during this period of tumult. I began to understand and appreciate the distance he had traveled - from being a boy herding goats to a student at the University of Hawaii and Harvard University to the respected economist that he was upon his return to Kenya. In many ways, he embodied the new Africa of the early Sixties, a man who had obtained the knowledge of the Western world, and sought to bring it back home, where he hoped he could help create a new nation.

And yet, I discovered that for all his education, my father's life ended up being filled with disappointments. His ideas about how Kenya should progress often put him at odds with the politics of tribe and patronage, and because he spoke his mind, sometimes to a fault, he ended up being fired from his job and prevented from finding work in the country for many, many years. And on a more personal level, because he never fully reconciled the traditions of his village with more modern conceptions of family - because he related to women as his father had, expecting them to obey him no matter what he did - his family life was unstable, and his children never knew him well.

In many ways, then, my family's life reflects some of the contradictions of Kenya, and indeed, the African continent as a whole. The history of Africa is a history of ancient kingdoms and great traditions; the story of people fighting to be free from colonial rule; the heroism of not only of great men like Nkrumah and Kenyatta and Mandela, but also ordinary people who endured great hardship, from Ghana to South Africa, to secure self-determination in the face of great odds.

But for all the progress that has been made, we must surely acknowledge that neither Kenya nor the African continent have yet fulfilled their potential - that the hopefulness of the post-colonial era has been replaced by cynicism and sometimes despair, and that true freedom has not yet been won for those struggling to live on less than a few shillings a day, for those who have fallen prey to HIV/AIDS or malaria, to those ordinary citizens who continue to find themselves trapped in the crossfire of war or ethnic conflict.

One statistic powerfully describes this unfulfilled promise. In early 1960's, as Kenya was gaining its independence, its gross national product was not very different from that of South Korea. Today, South Korea's economy is forty times larger than Kenya's.

How can we explain this fact? Certainly it is not due to lack of effort on the part of ordinary Kenyans - we know how hard Kenyans are willing to work, the tremendous sacrifices that Kenyan mothers make for their children, the Herculean efforts that Kenyan fathers make for their families. We know as well the talent, the intelligence, and the creativity that exists in this country. And we know how much this land is blessed - just as the entire African continent is blessed - with great gifts and riches.

So what explains this? I believe there a number of factors at work.

Kenya, like many African nations did not come of age under the best historical circumstances. It suffers from the legacy of colonialism, of national boundaries that were drawn without regard to the political and tribal alignments of indigenous peoples, and that therefore fed conflict and tribal strife.

Kenya was also forced to rapidly move from a highly agrarian to a more urban, industrialized nation. This means that the education and health care systems - issues that my own nation more than 200 years old still struggles with - lag behind, impacting its development.

Third, Kenya is hurt from factors unique to Africa's geography and place in the world -- disease, distance from viable markets and especially terms of trade. When African nations were just gaining independence, industrialized nations had decades of experience building their domestic economies and navigating the international financial system. And, as Frederick Douglass once stated: "Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did, and it never will." As a result, many African nations have been asked to liberalize their markets without reciprocal concessions from mature economies. This lack of access for Africa's agriculture and commodities has restricted an important engine of economic growth. Other issues, such as resource extraction and the drain of human capital have also been major factors.

As a Senator from the United States, I believe that my country, and other nations, have an obligation and self-interest in being full partners with Kenya and with Africa. And, I will do my part to shape an intelligent foreign policy that promotes peace and prosperity. A foreign policy that gives hope and opportunity to the people of this great continent.

But, Kenya must do its part. It cannot wait for other nations to act first. The hard truth is that nations, by and large, will act in their self-interest and if Kenya does not act, it will fall behind.

It's more than just history and outside influences that explain why Kenya lags behind. Like many nations across this continent, where Kenya is failing is in its ability to create a government that is transparent and accountable. One that serves its people and is free from corruption.

There is no doubt that what Kenyans have accomplished with this independence is both impressive and inspiring. Among African nations, Kenya remains a model for representative democracy - a place where many different ethnic factions have found a way to live and work together in peace and stability. You enjoy a robust civil society; a press that's free, fair, and honest; and a strong partnership with my own country that has resulted in critical cooperation on terrorist issues, real strides in fighting disease and poverty, and an important alliance on fostering regional stability.

And yet, the reason I speak of the freedom that you fought so hard to win is because today that freedom is in jeopardy. It is being threatened by corruption.

Corruption is not a new problem. It's not just a Kenyan problem, or an African problem. It's a human problem, and it has existed in some form in almost every society. My own city of Chicago has been the home of some of the most corrupt local politics in American history, from patronage machines to questionable elections. In just the last year, our own U.S. Congress has seen a representative resign after taking bribes, and several others fall under investigation for using their public office for private gain.

But while corruption is a problem we all share, here in Kenya it is a crisis - a crisis that's robbing an honest people of the opportunities they have fought for - the opportunity they deserve.

I know that while recent reports have pointed to strong economic growth in this country, 56% of Kenyans still live in poverty. And I know that the vast majority of people in this country desperately want to change this.

It is painfully obvious that corruption stifles development - it siphons off scarce resources that could improve infrastructure, bolster education systems, and strengthen public health. It stacks the deck so high against entrepreneurs that they cannot get their job-creating ideas off the ground. In fact, one recent survey showed that corruption in Kenya costs local firms 6% of their revenues, the difference between good-paying jobs in Kenya or somewhere else. And corruption also erodes the state from the inside out, sickening the justice system until there is no justice to be found, poisoning the police forces until their presence becomes a source of insecurity rather than comfort.

Corruption has a way of magnifying the very worst twists of fate. It makes it impossible to respond effectively to crises -- whether it's the HIV/AIDS pandemic or malaria or crippling drought.

What's worse - corruption can also provide opportunities for those who would harness the fear and hatred of others to their agenda and ambitions.

It can shield a war criminal - even one like Felicien Kabuga, suspected of helping to finance and orchestrate the Rwandan genocide - by allowing him to purchase safe haven for a time and robbing all humanity of the opportunity to bring the criminal to justice.

Terrorist attacks - like those that have shed Kenyan blood and struck at the heart of the Kenyan economy - are facilitated by customs and border officers who can be paid off, by police forces so crippled by corruption that they do not protect the personal safety of Kenyans walking the streets of Nairobi, and by forged documents that are easy to find in a climate where graft and fraud thrive.

Some of the worst actors on the international stage can also take advantage of the collective exhaustion and outrage that people feel with official corruption, as we've seen with Islamic extremists who promise purification, but deliver totalitarianism. Endemic corruption opens the door to this kind of movement, and in its wake comes a new set of distortions and betrayals of public trust.

In the end, if the people cannot trust their government to do the job for which it exists - to protect them and to promote their common welfare - all else is lost. And this is why the struggle against corruption is one of the great struggles of our time.


The good news is that there are already signs of progress here. Willingness to report corruption is increasingly significantly in Kenya. The Kenyan media has been courageous in uncovering and reporting on some of the most blatant abuses of the system, and there has been a growing recognition among people and politicians that this is a critical issue.

Among other things, this recognition resulted in the coalition that came to power in the December elections of 2002. This coalition succeeded by promising change, and their early gestures - the dismissal of the shaky judges, the renewed vigor of the investigation into the Goldenberg scandal, the calls for real disclosure of elected officials' personal wealth - were all promising.

But elections are not enough. In a true democracy, it is what happens between elections that is the true measure of how a government treats its people.

Today, we're starting to see that the Kenyan people want more than a simple changing of the guard, more than piecemeal reforms to a crisis that's crippling their country. The Kenyan people are crying out for real change, and whether one voted orange or banana in last year's referendum, the message that many Kenyans seemed to be sending was one of dissatisfaction with the pace of reform, and real frustration with continued tolerance of corruption at high levels.

And so we know that there is more work to be done - more reforms to be made. I don't have all the solutions or think that they'll be easy, but there are a few places that a country truly committed to reform could start.

We know that the temptation to take a bribe is greater when you're not making enough on the job. And we also know that the more people there are on the government payroll, the more likely it is that someone will be encouraged to take a bribe. So if the government found ways to downsize the bureaucracy - to cut out the positions that aren't necessary or useful - it could use the extra money to increase the salary of other government officials.

Of course, the best way to reduce bureaucracy and increase pay is to create more private sector jobs. And the way to create good jobs is when the rules of a society are transparent - when there's a clear and advertised set of laws and regulations regarding how to start a business, what it takes to own property, how to go about getting a loan - there is less of a chance that some corrupt bureaucrat will make up his own rules that suit only his interests. Clarifying these rules and focusing resources on building a judicial system that can enforce them and resolve disputes should be a primary goal of any government suffering from corruption.

In addition, we know that the more information the public is provided, the easier it will be for your Kenyan brothers and sisters out in the villages to evaluate whether they are being treated fairly by their public servants or not. Wealth declarations do little good if no one can access them, and accountability in government spending is not possible if no one knows how much was available and allocated to a given project in the first place.

Finally, ethnic-based tribal politics has to stop. It is rooted in the bankrupt idea that the goal of politics or business is to funnel as much of the pie as possible to one's family, tribe, or circle with little regard for the public good. It stifles innovation and fractures the fabric of the society. Instead of opening businesses and engaging in commerce, people come to rely on patronage and payback as a means of advancing. Instead of unifying the country to move forward on solving problems, it divides neighbor from neighbor.

An accountable, transparent government can break this cycle. When people are judged by merit, not connections, then the best and brightest can lead the country, people will work hard, and the entire economy will grow - everyone will benefit and more resources will be available for all, not just select groups.

Of course, in the end, one of the strongest weapons your country has against corruption is the ability of you, the people, to stand up and speak out about the injustices you see. The Kenyan people are the ultimate guardians against abuses.

The world knows the names of Wangari Maathai and John Githongo, who are fighting against the insidious corruption that has weakened Kenya. But there are so many others, some of whom I'm meeting during my visit here - Betty Murungi, Ken Njau, Jane Onyango, Maina Kiai, Milly Odhiombo, and Hussein Khalid. As well as numerous Kenyan men and women who have refused to pay bribes to get civil servants to perform their duties; the auditors and inspectors general who have done the job before them accurately and fairly, regardless of where the facts have led; the journalists who asked questions and pushed for answers when it may have been more lucrative to look the other way, or whip up a convenient fiction. And then there are anonymous Kenyan whistleblowers who show us what is, so that we can all work together to demand what should be.

By rejecting the insulting idea that corruption is somehow a part of Kenyan culture, these heroes reveal the very opposite - they reveal a strength and integrity of character that can build a great country, a great future. By focusing on building strong, independent institutions - like an anti-corruption commission with real authority - rather than cults of personality, they make a contribution to their country that will last longer than their own lives. They fight the fight of our time.

Looking out at this crowd of young people, I have faith that you will fight this fight too.

You will decide if your leaders will be held accountable, or if you will look the other way.

You will decide if the standards and the rules will be the same for everyone - regardless of ethnicity or of wealth.

And you will determine the direction of this country in the 21st century - whether the hard work of the many is lost to the selfish desires of a few, or whether you build an open, honest, stronger Kenya where everyone rises together.

This is the Kenya that so many who came before you envisioned - all those men and women who struggled and sacrificed and fought for the freedom you enjoy today.

I know that honoring their memory and making that freedom real may seem like an impossible task - an effort bigger than you can imagine - but sometimes all it takes to move us there is doing what little you can to right the wrongs you see.

As I said at the outset, I did not know my father well - he returned to Kenya from America when I was still young. Since that time I have known him through stories - those my mother would tell and those I heard from my relatives here in Kenya on my last trip to this country.

I know from these stories that my father was not a perfect man - that he made his share of mistakes and disappointed his share of people in his lifetime.

As our parents' children, we have the opportunity to learn from these mistakes and disappointments. We have the opportunity to muster the courage to fulfill the promise of our forefathers and lead our great nations towards a better future.

In today's Kenya - a Kenya already more open and less repressive than in my father's day - it is that courage that will bring the reform so many of you so desperately want and deserve. I wish all of you luck in finding this courage in the days and months to come, and I want you to know that as your ally, your friend, and your brother, I will be there to help in any way I can.

Good afternoon President Francis, the Board of Trustees, faculty, parents, family, friends, and the Class of 2006.

I want to start by thanking you all for allowing me to share in your miracle today. Over the past year there has been no shortage of doubts about whether this college would live to see another commencement - and doubts remain still about the future of this great city. But on this summer's day in New Orleans, less than one year after the worst storm in American history beat down your door, I look out at the largest class to ever graduate from this college and know that one thing is certain - Xavier University is back.

I have to say that I'm pretty humbled to be here. Each year there are hundreds of commencements in this country. All are hopeful, some are inspiring, and most of you probably won't even remember who your speaker was ten years from now. As a rule, they usually involve an old guy like me giving young folks like you advice about what to expect in the real world - advice about the challenges you'll face and the obstacles you'll have to overcome.

But this is different. In the last month, I have walked among New Orleans' battered homes and empty streets and scattered debris that prove armies aren't the only ones who can wage wars on cities. I have seen pictures of Xavier after the storm - the submerged classrooms and the shattered windows and the dorm rooms that were left with books sitting open on desks and clothes still unpacked on the bed. And I have heard the story of nearly 400 students and faculty who were trapped on campus in the days after Katrina - waiting on the roof to be rescued with a sign that simply read "Help Us."

And as I thought about all of this, it dawned on me that when it comes to giving advice about challenges and obstacles, it's you who could probably teach the rest of us a thing or two about what it takes to overcome.

I could give you a lecture on courage, but some of you know what it is to wait huddled in the dark without electricity or running water, wondering if a helicopter or boat will come for you before the gunshots get closer or the food runs out or the waters rise.

I could talk at length about perseverance, but this is a class that was forced to scatter to schools across the country at the beginning of your senior year, leaving everything you knew behind while you waited to find out if you could ever come back.

And I could go on and on about the importance of community - about what it means to care for each other - but this is a school where so many sacrificed so much in order to open your doors in January; a triumph that showed the rest of America that there are those who refuse to desert this city and its people no matter what.

Yours has been an education that cannot simply be measured in the tests you've taken or the diploma you're about to receive. For it has also been an education in humanity, brought about by a force of nature - a lesson in both our capacity for good and in the imperfections of man; in our ability to rise to great challenges and our tendency to sometimes fall short of our obligations to one another.

Some will take an entire lifetime to experience these lessons - others never will. But as some of Katrina's youngest survivors, you've had a front row seat.

So what does this mean for you?

Well, lessons can be just as easily unlearned as they are learned. Time may heal, but it can also cloud the memory and remove us further from that initial core of concern.

And so what this all means is that today and every day, you have a responsibility to remember what happened here in New Orleans. To make it a part of who you are. To let its lessons guide you as face your own challenges.

After all, Katrina may well be the most dramatic test you face in life, but it will by no means be the last. There will be quiet tests of character - the shoulder you lend a friend during their time of need; the way you raise your children; the care you give a loved one who's sick or dying; the integrity and honesty with which you carry yourself.

There will be powerful personal tests - the profession you choose, the legacy you leave, your ability to handle failure and disappointment.

And of course, there are the tests you will face as citizen - whether you use your voice to rage against injustice; whether you use your time to give back to your community; whether you use your passion to commit yourself to a cause larger than yourself.


In most of these tests, there are two different paths you can take.

One is easy. After graduating from a great school like Xavier, you'll pretty much be able to punch your own ticket - which means you can take your diploma, walk off this stage, leave this city, and go chasing after the big house and the large salary and the nice suits and all the other things that our money culture says you should buy.

You can live in neighborhoods with people who are exactly like yourself, and send your kids to the same schools, and narrow your concerns to what's going in your own little circle.

And when you turn on the TV or open the newspaper and hear about all the trouble in the world, there will be pundits and politicians who'll tell you that it's someone else's fault and someone else's problem to fix.

They'll tell you that the Americans who sleep in the streets and beg for food got there because they're all lazy or weak of spirit. That the immigrants who risk their lives to cross a desert have nothing to contribute to this country and no desire to embrace our ideals. That the inner-city children who are trapped in dilapidated schools can't learn and won't learn and so we should just give up on them entirely. That the innocent people being slaughtered and expelled from their homes in Darfur are somebody else's problem to take care of.

And when you hear all this, the easiest thing in the world will be to do nothing at all. To turn off the TV, put down the paper, and walk away from the stories about Iraq or poverty or violence or joblessness or hopelessness. To go about your busy lives - to remain detached; to remain indifferent; to remain safe.

But if you should ever think about taking this path, I ask you first to remember.

Remember witnessing the pain that neglect and indifference can cause - how entire neighborhoods in this city were left to drown because no one thought to make sure that every person had the means to escape. Remember what happens when responsibilities are ignored and bucks are passed - when the White House blames FEMA and FEMA blames the state of Louisiana and pretty soon no one's fixing the problem because everyone thought somebody else would. And whenever you're tempted to view the poor or the ill or the persecuted as "those people" - people in their own world with their own problems - remember always your neighbors in places like the 9th ward; men and women and children who, just like you, wanted desperately to escape to somewhere better.

And if you remember all of this - if you remember what happened here in New Orleans - if you allow it to change you forever - know that there is another path you can take.

This one is more difficult. It asks more of you. It asks you to leave here and not just pursue your own individual dreams, but to help perfect our collective dream as a nation. It asks you to realize there is more to life than being rich, thin, young, famous, safe, and entertained. It asks you to recognize that there are people out there who need you.

You know, there's a lot of talk in this country about the federal deficit. But I think we should talk more about our empathy deficit - the ability to put ourselves in someone else's shoes; to see the world through the eyes of those who are different from us - the child who's hungry, the steelworker who's been laid-off, the family who lost the entire life they built together when the storm came to town.

When you think like this - when you choose to broaden your ambit of concern and empathize with the plight of others, whether they are close friends or distant strangers - it becomes harder not to act; harder not to help.

For each of you, this desire to do for others and serve your communities will come even easier if you allow yourself to remember what you saw here in New Orleans.

Because aside from all the bad that came from Katrina - the failures and the neglect, the incompetence and the apathy - you were also witness to a good that many forgot was even possible.

You saw people from every corner of this country drop what they were doing, leave their homes, and come to New Orleans - Americans who didn't know a soul in the entire city who found their own piece of driftwood, built their own make-shift raft, and waded through the streets of this city, saving anyone they could. You saw the doctors and the nurses who refused to leave their city and their patients even when they were told time and again by local officials that it was no longer safe - even when helicopters were waiting to take them away. Men and women who stayed to care for the sick and dying long after their medical equipment and electricity were gone.

And after the storm had passed, you saw a spirit of generosity that spanned an entire globe, with billions upon billions in donations coming from tiny, far-off nations like Qatar and Sri Lanka. Think about that. These are places a lot of folks couldn't even identify on a map. Sri Lanka was still recovering from the devastation caused by last year's Tsunami. And yet, they heard about our tragedy, and they gave.

Remember always this goodness. Remember always that while many in Washington and on all levels of government failed New Orleans, there were plenty of ordinary people who displayed extraordinary humanity during this city's hour of need.

In the years to come, return this favor to those who are forced to weather their own storms - be it the loss of a job or a slide into poverty; an unexpected illness or an unforeseen eviction. And in returning these favors, seek also to make this a nation of no more Katrinas. Make this a nation where we never again leave behind any American by ensuring that every American has a job that can support a family and health care in case they get sick and a good education for their child and a secure retirement they can count on. Make this a nation where we are never again caught unprepared to meet the challenges of our time - where we free ourselves from a dependence on oil and protect our cities from both forces of terror and nature.

Make this a nation that is worthy of the sacrifices of so many of its citizens, and in doing so, make real the observation made by a visitor to our country so many centuries ago: "America is great because Americans are good."

I ask you to take this second path - this harder path - not because you have an obligation to those who are less fortunate, although you do have that obligation. Not because you have a debt to all of those who helped you get to where you are, although you do have that debt.

I ask you to take it because you have an obligation to yourself. Because our individual salvation depends on our collective salvation. And because it's only when you hitch your wagon to something larger than yourself that you will realize your true potential.

It is said that faith is a belief in things not seen, and miracles, by their nature, are inexplicable gifts from God.

But sometimes, if we look hard enough at the moments we triumph against the greatest of odds, we can see His will at work in the people He loves.

It's now well-known in this community that when your President, Norman Francis, promised to re-open this school by January, he joked that his decision would be recorded by history as either "crazy and stupid" or "bold and visionary."

And when I heard that, I wondered where you find the courage to make such a crazy, visionary promise - and where you find the commitment to keep it.

And I thought, Norman Francis is someone who remembers - remembers where he came from, remembers the lessons he learned, remembers the opportunities he's had, and lives his life according to those memories.

Born in Lafayette before Civil Rights and Voting Rights were even a possibility, this is a man who was raised in poverty, earning extra money for his parents as a child by shining shoes. He studied hard through high school, put himself through Xavier by working long hours in the library, and became the first ever African American to be accepted into Loyola's Law School.

He graduated that law school and could've gone anywhere and made any amount of money - but Norman Francis wanted to help people learn because he remembered all the people who helped him.

And so he came back to Xavier, and he worked his way up through the ranks, and he became the first ever African-American president of this school at just thirty-six years old.

Since that day he has had many accolades and many chances to do whatever he wished with his life. He has been an advisor to four U.S. Presidents, served on a commission to the Vatican, and as President of the United Negro College Fund.

But through all of this, he decided to stay here in New Orleans, and build this university.

And so when Katrina tried to tear it down, you can understand why he refused to let that happen - why he put aside tending to the damage in his own house so that he could work on rebuilding this one - why he believed more than anything in his promise that these doors would open in January.

Norman Francis has helped make today's miracle because he has seen miracles at work in his own life. Now that you have seen one in yours, it's your turn to live a life committed to others, devoted to the impossible, and ever aware of the lessons you learned in New Orleans.

I've noticed that in the rebuilding effort throughout this city, one of the last things to come back, and yet the easiest to notice, is the greenery that makes any community seem alive. And as I saw a newly planted tree on my last trip here, I thought of a passage from the book of Job:

"There is hope for a tree if it be cut down that it will sprout again, and that its tender branch will not cease."

Katrina was not the end of the tough times for New Orleans, and you will continue to face your own tests and challenges in the years to come. But if someone were to ask me how the tree stands on this August day, I would tell them that the seeds have sprouted, the roots are strong, and I just saw more than 500 branches that are ready to grow again. Congratulations on your graduation.
 Thank you, and welcome to Chicago.

We meet here at a challenging time for labor and a challenging time for America. All across the country, from nurses in Chicago to correctional officers in Atlanta to sanitation workers in L.A., Americans have been looking to the future with more anxiety than hope. As transformations in technology and communication have ushered in a global economy with new rules and new risks, they've watched their government do its best to try and shift those risks onto the backs of the American worker. And they wonder how they will ever keep up.

In coffee shops and town meetings, in VFW halls and right here in this room, the questions are all the same. Will I be able to leave my children a better world than I was given? Will I be able to save enough to send them to college or plan for a secure retirement? Will my job even be there tomorrow? Who will stand up for me in this new world?

In this time of change and uncertainty, these questions are expected - but I want you to know today they are by no means unique. Throughout our history, they have been asked and then answered by Americans who have stood in your shoes and shared your concerns.

In the middle of the last century, on the restless streets of Memphis, it was a group of AFSCME sanitation workers who took up this charge. For years they had served their city without complaint, picking up other people's trash for little pay and even less respect. Passers-by would call them "walking buzzards," and in the segregated South, most were forced to use separate drinking fountains and bathrooms.

But as the civil rights movement gained steam and they watched the marches and saw the boycotts and heard about the passage of voting rights, the workers in Memphis decided that they'd had enough, and in 1968, over 1,000 went on strike.

Their demands were simple. Recognition of their union. The right to bargain. A few cents more an hour.

But the opposition was fierce. Their vigils were met with handcuffs. Their protests turned back with mace. One march was interrupted by police gunfire and tear gas, and when the smoke cleared, 280 had been arrested, 60 were wounded, and one 16-year old boy lay dead.

And still, the city would not give in.

Now, the workers could have gone home, or they could've gone back to work, or they could've waited for someone else to help them, but they didn't. They kept marching. They drew ministers and high school students and civil rights activists to their cause, and at the beginning of the third straight month, Dr. King himself came down to Memphis.

At this point, the story of the sanitation workers merges with the larger saga of the Civil Rights Movement. On April 3rd, we know that King gave his "I've Been to the Mountaintop" sermon. On April 4th, he was shot and killed by James Earl Ray as he stood on the balcony of the Lorraine hotel. And on April 8th, a day before he was buried, his wife Coretta led the sanitation workers on one final march through the city of Memphis - a march that would culminate in the union contract that the workers had sought for so long.

This is the legacy you inherit today. It's a legacy of courage, a legacy of action, a legacy of achieving the greatest triumphs amidst the greatest odds. It's a story as American as any - that at the edge of despair, in the shadow of hopelessness, ordinary people make the extraordinary decision that if we stand together, we rise together.

What those workers made real in Memphis - and what we have to make real today - is the idea that in this country, we value the labor of every American. That we're willing to respect that labor and reward it with a few basic guarantees - wages that can raise a family, health care if we get sick, a retirement that's dignified, working conditions that are safe.

The struggle to secure these guarantees has always been at the heart of the labor movement - and the opposition has always been powerful. But today, we're facing a challenge like none we've seen before.

At the very moment that globalization is changing the rules of the game on the American worker - making it harder to compete with cheaper, highly-skilled workers all over the world - the people running Washington are responding with a philosophy that says government has no role in solving these problems; that the services you all provide every day are better left to the whims of the private sector.

They're telling us we're better off if we dismantle government - if we divvy it up into individual tax breaks, hand 'em out, and encourage everyone to go buy your own health care, your own retirement security, your own child care, their own schools, your own private security force, your own roads, their own levees...

It's called the Ownership Society in Washington. But in our past there has been another term for it - Social Darwinism - every man or women for him or herself.

It allows us to say to those whose health care or tuition may rise faster than they can afford - life isn't fair. It allows us to say to the child who didn't have the foresight to choose the right parents or be born in the right suburb - pick yourself up by your bootstraps. It lets us say to the guy who worked twenty or thirty years in the factory and then watched his plant move out to Mexico or China - we're sorry, but you're on your own.

It's a bracing idea. It's a tempting idea. And it's the easiest thing in the world.

But there's just one problem. It doesn't work. It ignores our history. It ignores the fact that it has been government research and investment that made the railways and the internet possible. It has been the creation of a massive middle class, through decent wages and benefits and public schools - that has allowed all of us to prosper. And it has been the ability of working men and women to join together in unions that has allowed our rising tide to lift every boat.

Yes, our greatness as a nation has depended on individual initiative, on a belief in the free market. But it has also depended on our sense of mutual regard for each other, of mutual responsibility. The idea that everybody has a stake in the country, that we're all in it together and everybody's got a shot at opportunity.

Americans know this. We know that government can't solve all our problems - and we don't want it to.

But we also know that there are some things we can't do on our own. We know that there are some things we do better together.

We know that we've been called in churches and mosques, synagogues and Sunday schools to love our neighbors as ourselves; to be our brother's keeper; to be our sister's keeper. That we have individual responsibility, but we also have collective responsibility to each other.

That's what America is. That's what those workers in Memphis fought for. And that's what we fight for today.

Some of what we need to do is clear. When you have a Republican Congress that says "no" to organizing rights, "no" to overtime pay, "no" to a higher minimum wage, "no" to Social Security, and "no" to Medicaid, it's time to say "no" to that Congress and put Democrats in charge come November.

But if we really want to lead - if we really hope to convince the country that our vision of government is better than theirs - we're gonna need more than just "no." We're gonna need to tell the country what our plan is for the 21st century worker - what we'll do to give every American the chance to get ahead and raise their family.

I won't stand up here and say that coming up with this strategy will be easy, or pretend to know all the answers.

But there's a few places we can start.

We can start by fixing our schools to make sure every child in America has the education and the skills they need to compete. We can start by making sure that college is affordable for every American who wants to go. And by giving unions a real role in creating a real system of lifelong learning so that workers who lose a job really can retrain for other high-wage jobs.

In this new economy, we can start giving our workers a chance by making sure that no matter where you work or how many times you switch jobs, you will have health care and a pension you can take with you always.

We'll never rise together if we allow medical bills to swallow family budgets or let people retire penniless after a lifetime of hard work, and so we can start by demanding that when it comes to commitments made to working men and women on health care and pensions, a promise made is a promise kept.

And in a world where two-income households are trying to juggle work and family, we can start giving workers a chance with policies that give families a chance. When a parent takes parental leave, we shouldn't act like caring for a newborn baby is a three-month break - we should let them keep their salary. When parents are working and their children need care, we should make sure that care is affordable, and that our kids can go to school earlier and longer so they have a safe place to learn while their parents are at work. And when a mom or a dad has to leave work to care for a sick child, we should make sure it doesn't result in a pink slip.

Our vision of America is not one where a big government runs our lives; it's one that gives every American the opportunity to make the most of their lives. It's not one that tells us we're on our own, it's one that realizes that we rise or fall together as one people.

And yet, we also know that, in the end, neither policy nor politics can replace heart and courage in the struggle you now face. Because in the brief history of the American experiment, it has been the ability of ordinary Americans to act on both that has allowed our nation to achieve extraordinary things.

Nearly forty years ago, the strike in Memphis came to an end.

But today, the march goes on.

Every year, on April 4th, the sanitation workers of Local 1733 gather again to march the route that led them to justice so long ago. Sometimes they walk the whole way, other years a bus comes to carry them the last few miles.

They march to remember, but they also march because they know our journey isn't complete - they know we have fights left to win; that we have dreams still unfulfilled.

A few years back, one of these workers, a man named Malcolm Pryor, told a reporter, "You have to remind people: We are not free yet. As long as I march, Dr. King's soul is still rejoicing that people are still trying."

And so today I ask you to keep marching.

As long as there are those who are jobless, I ask you to keep marching for jobs.

As long as there are those who struggle to raise a family on low wages and few benefits, I ask you to keep marching for opportunity.

As long as there are those who can't organize or unionize or bargain for a better life, I ask you to keep marching for solidarity.

And as long as there are those who try to privatize our government and decimate our social programs and peddle a philosophy of trickle-down and on-your-own, I ask you to keep marching for a vision of America where we rise or fall as one nation under God.

My friends, it's time again to march for freedom. Time again to march for hope. Time again to march towards the tomorrow that so many have reached for so many times in our past. I know we can get there, and I can't wait to try.
 Mr. President, a few weeks ago I was visited by two of my constituents-- Mary Schneider and her son Ryan.

When Ryan was just two years old, his parents and doctors noted severe delays in his motor and speech development, and he was diagnosed with cerebral palsy. His parents were devastated, as the prognosis for many children with cerebral palsy is quite grim, and given the severity of Ryan's condition, his doctors didn't have much hope for his improvement.

Yet, his parents had hope. Because when Ryan was born, his parents had saved his cord blood, a viable but limited source of stem cells. They found a doctor at Duke University who was willing to perform an experimental infusion with these cells to see if they might improve his condition.

They did. In fact, they seem to have cured him.

Within months of the infusion, Ryan was able to speak, use his arms, and eat normally, just like any other child - a miracle his family had once only dreamed of.

Ryan's story exemplifies the power and the promise of stem cells to treat and cure the millions of Americans who are suffering from catastrophic, debilitating and life-threatening diseases and health conditions.

Each year, 100,000 Americans will develop Alzheimer's disease. Over 1 million adults will be diagnosed with diabetes this year, which can lead to complications such as blindness, damaged nerves and loss of kidney function. And there are far too many individuals with spinal cord injuries who are struggling to maintain mobility and independence.

For most of our history, medicine has offered little hope of recovery to individuals affected by these and other devastating illnesses and injuries.

Until now.

Recent developments in stem cell research may hold the key to improved treatments, if not cures, for those affected by Alzheimer's disease, diabetes, spinal cord injury and countless other conditions.

Many men, women and children who are cancer survivors are already familiar with the life-saving applications of adult stem cell research. Patients with leukemia or lymphoma often undergo bone marrow transplants, a type of stem cell transplant, which can significantly prolong life, or permanently get rid of the cancer. This therapy has been used successfully for decades, and is saving lives everyday.

Yet this breakthrough has its serious limitations. Adult stem cells, such as those used in bone marrow transplants, can only be collected in small quantities, may not be a match for the patient, and have limited ability to transform into specialized cells.

Cord blood, like the kind Ryan used, has limitations as well. If, for example, young Ryan's condition should deteriorate or he should develop another illness, there simply are not enough cord blood cells left for a second use. His mother has told us that the few remaining cells would have to be cloned to get enough cells for future use, or they would have to obtain stem cells from another source.

These and other difficulties are the reasons why scientists have started to explore other types and other sources for stem cells, including embryonic stem cell research.

Embryonic stem cells can be obtained from a number of sources, including in vitro fertilization. At this very moment, there are over 400,000 embryos being stored in over 400 facilities throughout the United States. The majority of these are reserved for infertile couples. However, many of these embryos will go unused, destined for permanent storage in a freezer or disposal. We should expand and accelerate research using these embryos, just as we should continue to explore the viability of adult stem cell use and cord blood use.

All over the country, exciting progress is being made in the area of embryonic stem cell research. At the University of Illinois, they're finding that stem cells have the potential to treat blood disorders, lung diseases, and heart damage.

At Johns Hopkins, researchers were able to use mouse embryonic stem cells to repair damaged nerves and restore mobility in paralyzed rats. One can't help but think that it's a matter of when, not if, this research will be able to one day help those who have lost the ability to walk.

For these reasons, I'm proud to be a long-term supporter of greater stem cell research. While I was a member of the Illinois Senate, I was the chief cosponsor of the Ronald Reagan Biomedical Research Act, which would specifically permit embryonic stem cell research in Illinois, and establish review of this research by the Illinois Department of Public Health.

And I'm proud to be a cosponsor of the stem cell bill before us today. This bill embodies the innovative thinking that we as a society demand and medical advancement requires. By expanding scientific access to embryonic stem cells which would be otherwise discarded, this bill will help our nation's scientists and researchers develop treatments and cures to help people who suffer from illnesses and injuries for which there are currently none. But the bill is not without limits; it requires that scientific research also be subject to rigorous oversight.

I realize there are moral and ethical issues surrounding this debate. But I also realize that we're not talking about harvesting cells that would've been used to create life and we're not talking about cloning humans. We're talking about using stem cells that would have otherwise been discarded and lost forever - and we're talking about using those stem cells to possibly save the lives of millions of Americans.

Democrats want this bill to pass. Conservative, pro-life Republicans want this bill to pass. By large margins, the American people want this bill to pass. It is only the White House standing in the way of progress - standing in the way of so many potential cures.

I would only ask that the President thinks about this before he picks up his pen to deliver his first veto in six years. I would ask that he thinks about Ryan Schneider and his parents, and all the other families who are sitting and waiting and praying for a cure - hoping that somewhere, a researcher or scientist will find the answer.

There was a time in the middle of the last century when America watched helplessly as a mysterious disease left thousands - especially children - disabled for life. The medical community worked tirelessly to try and find a cure, but they needed help - they needed funding to make their research possible.

With a world war raging and the country still emerging from depression, the federal government could have ignored their plight or told them to find a cure on their own.

But that didn't happen. Instead, Franklin Delano Roosevelt helped galvanize a community of compassion and organize the March of Dimes to find the cure for polio. And while Roosevelt knew that his own polio would never be cured by the discovery of a vaccine, he also knew that at its best, government can be used as a force to accomplish together what we cannot achieve on our own.

And so the people began to care and the dimes piled up and the funding started to flow, and fifty years ago, Jonas Salk discovered the polio vaccine.

Americans are looking for that kind of leadership today. All over the country, patients and their families are waiting today for Congress and the President to open the door to the cures of tomorrow. At the dawn of the 21st century, we should approach this research with the same passion and commitment that have led to so many cures and saved so many lives throughout our history.

I want to congratulate all of you at Campus Progress for the work you've been doing to build a new generation of progressive leadership in this country. At a time when too many in the media have written off your generation as apathetic or uninvolved, you're proving not only that you care very deeply about the future of this country, but that you're willing to do something about it.

I could stand up here today and talk about that future - about our vision for America - but I know that we share similar views on this and that you're pretty well-versed on the issues anyway.

So instead I'd like to talk a bit about what comes next for all of you - what happens after you leave the confines of college and head out into the real world.

It's a scary thought, I know, but I also remember that by the end of my four years in college, I may have had a vague idea that I wanted to go into community organizing, but no clue how I would go about doing that or whether it was even the right choice for me.

I have a feeling that many of you might be in a similar boat when it comes to politics and organizing and activism after college, and so today I'd just like to offer you a few pieces of advice that might be able to help you on your way.

The first is to take risks.

When I told people that after college, I planned on being a community organizer and working in low-income neighborhoods, they thought I was crazy.

My mother and grandparents thought I should go to law school. My friends had applied for jobs on Wall Street. But I went ahead and wrote letters to every organization in the country that I could think of. And finally, this small group of churches on the south side of Chicago wrote back and gave me a job organizing neighborhoods devastated by steel-plant closings in the early 80s.

The churches didn't have much money - so they offered me a grand sum of $12,000 a year plus $1,000 to buy a car. And I got ready to move to Chicago - a place I had never been and where I didn't know a living soul.

Even people who didn't know me were skeptical of my decision. I remember having a conversation with an older man I had met before I arrived in Chicago. I told him about my plans, and he looked at me and said, "Let me tell something. You look like a nice clean-cut young man, and you've got a nice voice. So let me give you a piece of advice - forget this community organizing business. You can't change the world, and people won't appreciate you trying. What you should do is go into television broadcasting. I'm telling you, you've got a future."

I could've taken my mother's advice and I could've taken my grandparents advice. I could've taken the path my friends traveled. And objectively speaking, that TV thing might have made some sense.

But I knew there was something in me that wanted to try for something bigger. And so I went.

This is harder than it sounds - and it will be for all of you. With all the work you've done and the organizations you've been involved in, you'll have boundless opportunities when you graduate. And it's very easy to just take that diploma, forget about all this progressive politics stuff, and go chasing after the big house and the large salary and the nice suits and all the other things that our money culture says you should buy.

But I hope you don't. Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.

So don't let people talk you into doing the safe thing. Listen to what's inside of you and decide what it is that you care about so much that you're willing to risk it all. The next piece of advice comes from a lesson that I learned once I got to Chicago.

I had spent weeks organizing our very first community meeting around the issue of gang violence. We invited the police; we made phone calls, went to churches, and passed out flyers.

I had been warned of the turf battles and bad politics between certain community leaders, but I ignored them, confident that I knew what I was doing.

The night of the meeting we arranged rows and rows of chairs in anticipation of the crowd. And we waited. And we waited. And finally, a group of older people walk in to the hall. And they sit down. And this little old lady raises her hand and asks, "Is this where the bingo game is?"

Thirteen people showed up that night. The police never came. And the meeting was a complete disaster.

Later, the volunteers I worked with told me they were quitting - that they had been doing this for two years and had nothing to show for it.

I was tired too. But at that point, I looked outside and saw some young boys playing in a vacant lot across the street, tossing stones at boarded-up apartment building. And I turned to the volunteers, and I asked them, "Before you quit, I want you to answer one question. What's gonna happen to those boys? Who will fight for them if not us? Who will give them a fair shot if we leave?"

And at that moment, we were all reminded of an important lesson:

Persevere.

Making your mark on the world is hard. If it were easy, everybody would do it. But it's not. It takes patience, it takes commitment, and it comes with plenty of failure along the way. The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. it's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere.

After my little speech that day, one by one, the volunteers decided not to quit. We went back to those neighborhoods, and we kept at it, sustaining ourselves with the small victories. And over time, a community changed. And so had we.

The last piece of advice is to cultivate a sense of empathy.

There's a lot of talk in this country about the federal deficit. But I think we should talk more about our empathy deficit - the ability to put ourselves in someone else's shoes; to see the world through those who are different from us - the child who's hungry, the laid-off steelworker, the immigrant woman cleaning your dorm room.

The fact that you're here and participating in Campus Progress means that most of you have already done this better than most ever will. But as you go on in life, cultivating this quality of empathy will become harder, not easier. There's no community service requirement in the real world; no one forcing you to care. You'll be free to live in neighborhoods with people who are exactly like yourself, and send your kids to the same schools, and narrow your concerns to what's going in your own little circle.

Not only that - we live in a culture that discourages empathy. A culture that too often tells us our principle goal in life is to be rich, thin, young, famous, safe, and entertained. A culture where those in power too often encourage these selfish impulses.

They will tell you that the Americans who sleep in the streets and beg for food got there because they're all lazy or weak of spirit. That the inner-city children who are trapped in dilapidated schools can't learn and won't learn and so we should just give up on them entirely. That the innocent people being slaughtered and expelled from their homes half a world away are somebody else's problem to take care of.

I hope you don't listen to this. I hope you choose to broaden, and not contract, your ambit of concern. Not because you have an obligation to those who are less fortunate, although you do have that obligation. Not because you have a debt to all of those who helped you get to where you are, although you do have that debt.

It's because you have an obligation to yourself. Because our individual salvation depends on collective salvation. And because it's only when you hitch your wagon to something larger than yourself that you will realize your true potential - and become full-grown.

As I think about all of the good each of you has the potential to do in this world, I'm reminded of this image. It's the image of young Americans - teenagers and college kids not much older than you - from all over the country, watching the Civil Rights Movement unfold before them on their television sets. I imagine that they would've seen the marchers and heard the speeches, but they also probably saw the dogs and the fire hoses, or the footage of innocent people being beaten within an inch of their lives, or maybe they would've heard the news the day those four little girls died when someone threw a bomb into their church.

Instinctively, they knew that it was safer and smarter to stay at home; to watch the movement from afar. But somewhere in their hearts, they also understood that these people in Georgia and Alabama and Mississippi were their brothers and sisters; that what was happening was wrong; and that they had an obligation to make it right. And so when the buses pulled up for a Freedom Ride down South, they got on. And they rode. Thousands of them. And they changed the world.

We need you to do the same. As Robert F. Kennedy once told a crowd of South Africans no older than you, "The world demands the qualities of youth; not a time of life but a state of mind, a temper of the will, a quality of the imagination, a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease."

Today, I want thank each of you for demonstrating these qualities through your service to the people of this nation, and I wish all of you a future that is hopeful, dedicated, and ever youthful.﻿PRIDE AND PREJUDICE

By Jane Austen



Chapter 1


It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession
of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.

However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his
first entering a neighbourhood, this truth is so well fixed in the minds
of the surrounding families, that he is considered the rightful property
of some one or other of their daughters.

“My dear Mr. Bennet,” said his lady to him one day, “have you heard that
Netherfield Park is let at last?”

Mr. Bennet replied that he had not.

“But it is,” returned she; “for Mrs. Long has just been here, and she
told me all about it.”

Mr. Bennet made no answer.

“Do you not want to know who has taken it?” cried his wife impatiently.

“_You_ want to tell me, and I have no objection to hearing it.”

This was invitation enough.

“Why, my dear, you must know, Mrs. Long says that Netherfield is taken
by a young man of large fortune from the north of England; that he came
down on Monday in a chaise and four to see the place, and was so much
delighted with it, that he agreed with Mr. Morris immediately; that he
is to take possession before Michaelmas, and some of his servants are to
be in the house by the end of next week.”

“What is his name?”

“Bingley.”

“Is he married or single?”

“Oh! Single, my dear, to be sure! A single man of large fortune; four or
five thousand a year. What a fine thing for our girls!”

“How so? How can it affect them?”

“My dear Mr. Bennet,” replied his wife, “how can you be so tiresome! You
must know that I am thinking of his marrying one of them.”

“Is that his design in settling here?”

“Design! Nonsense, how can you talk so! But it is very likely that he
_may_ fall in love with one of them, and therefore you must visit him as
soon as he comes.”

“I see no occasion for that. You and the girls may go, or you may send
them by themselves, which perhaps will be still better, for as you are
as handsome as any of them, Mr. Bingley may like you the best of the
party.”

“My dear, you flatter me. I certainly _have_ had my share of beauty, but
I do not pretend to be anything extraordinary now. When a woman has five
grown-up daughters, she ought to give over thinking of her own beauty.”

“In such cases, a woman has not often much beauty to think of.”

“But, my dear, you must indeed go and see Mr. Bingley when he comes into
the neighbourhood.”

“It is more than I engage for, I assure you.”

“But consider your daughters. Only think what an establishment it would
be for one of them. Sir William and Lady Lucas are determined to
go, merely on that account, for in general, you know, they visit no
newcomers. Indeed you must go, for it will be impossible for _us_ to
visit him if you do not.”

“You are over-scrupulous, surely. I dare say Mr. Bingley will be very
glad to see you; and I will send a few lines by you to assure him of my
hearty consent to his marrying whichever he chooses of the girls; though
I must throw in a good word for my little Lizzy.”

“I desire you will do no such thing. Lizzy is not a bit better than the
others; and I am sure she is not half so handsome as Jane, nor half so
good-humoured as Lydia. But you are always giving _her_ the preference.”

“They have none of them much to recommend them,” replied he; “they are
all silly and ignorant like other girls; but Lizzy has something more of
quickness than her sisters.”

“Mr. Bennet, how _can_ you abuse your own children in such a way? You
take delight in vexing me. You have no compassion for my poor nerves.”

“You mistake me, my dear. I have a high respect for your nerves. They
are my old friends. I have heard you mention them with consideration
these last twenty years at least.”

“Ah, you do not know what I suffer.”

“But I hope you will get over it, and live to see many young men of four
thousand a year come into the neighbourhood.”

“It will be no use to us, if twenty such should come, since you will not
visit them.”

“Depend upon it, my dear, that when there are twenty, I will visit them
all.”

Mr. Bennet was so odd a mixture of quick parts, sarcastic humour,
reserve, and caprice, that the experience of three-and-twenty years had
been insufficient to make his wife understand his character. _Her_ mind
was less difficult to develop. She was a woman of mean understanding,
little information, and uncertain temper. When she was discontented,
she fancied herself nervous. The business of her life was to get her
daughters married; its solace was visiting and news.



Chapter 2


Mr. Bennet was among the earliest of those who waited on Mr. Bingley. He
had always intended to visit him, though to the last always assuring
his wife that he should not go; and till the evening after the visit was
paid she had no knowledge of it. It was then disclosed in the following
manner. Observing his second daughter employed in trimming a hat, he
suddenly addressed her with:

“I hope Mr. Bingley will like it, Lizzy.”

“We are not in a way to know _what_ Mr. Bingley likes,” said her mother
resentfully, “since we are not to visit.”

“But you forget, mamma,” said Elizabeth, “that we shall meet him at the
assemblies, and that Mrs. Long promised to introduce him.”

“I do not believe Mrs. Long will do any such thing. She has two nieces
of her own. She is a selfish, hypocritical woman, and I have no opinion
of her.”

“No more have I,” said Mr. Bennet; “and I am glad to find that you do
not depend on her serving you.”

Mrs. Bennet deigned not to make any reply, but, unable to contain
herself, began scolding one of her daughters.

“Don't keep coughing so, Kitty, for Heaven's sake! Have a little
compassion on my nerves. You tear them to pieces.”

“Kitty has no discretion in her coughs,” said her father; “she times
them ill.”

“I do not cough for my own amusement,” replied Kitty fretfully. “When is
your next ball to be, Lizzy?”

“To-morrow fortnight.”

“Aye, so it is,” cried her mother, “and Mrs. Long does not come back
till the day before; so it will be impossible for her to introduce him,
for she will not know him herself.”

“Then, my dear, you may have the advantage of your friend, and introduce
Mr. Bingley to _her_.”

“Impossible, Mr. Bennet, impossible, when I am not acquainted with him
myself; how can you be so teasing?”

“I honour your circumspection. A fortnight's acquaintance is certainly
very little. One cannot know what a man really is by the end of a
fortnight. But if _we_ do not venture somebody else will; and after all,
Mrs. Long and her neices must stand their chance; and, therefore, as
she will think it an act of kindness, if you decline the office, I will
take it on myself.”

The girls stared at their father. Mrs. Bennet said only, “Nonsense,
nonsense!”

“What can be the meaning of that emphatic exclamation?” cried he. “Do
you consider the forms of introduction, and the stress that is laid on
them, as nonsense? I cannot quite agree with you _there_. What say you,
Mary? For you are a young lady of deep reflection, I know, and read
great books and make extracts.”

Mary wished to say something sensible, but knew not how.

“While Mary is adjusting her ideas,” he continued, “let us return to Mr.
Bingley.”

“I am sick of Mr. Bingley,” cried his wife.

“I am sorry to hear _that_; but why did not you tell me that before? If
I had known as much this morning I certainly would not have called
on him. It is very unlucky; but as I have actually paid the visit, we
cannot escape the acquaintance now.”

The astonishment of the ladies was just what he wished; that of Mrs.
Bennet perhaps surpassing the rest; though, when the first tumult of joy
was over, she began to declare that it was what she had expected all the
while.

“How good it was in you, my dear Mr. Bennet! But I knew I should
persuade you at last. I was sure you loved your girls too well to
neglect such an acquaintance. Well, how pleased I am! and it is such a
good joke, too, that you should have gone this morning and never said a
word about it till now.”

“Now, Kitty, you may cough as much as you choose,” said Mr. Bennet; and,
as he spoke, he left the room, fatigued with the raptures of his wife.

“What an excellent father you have, girls!” said she, when the door was
shut. “I do not know how you will ever make him amends for his kindness;
or me, either, for that matter. At our time of life it is not so
pleasant, I can tell you, to be making new acquaintances every day; but
for your sakes, we would do anything. Lydia, my love, though you _are_
the youngest, I dare say Mr. Bingley will dance with you at the next
ball.”

“Oh!” said Lydia stoutly, “I am not afraid; for though I _am_ the
youngest, I'm the tallest.”

The rest of the evening was spent in conjecturing how soon he would
return Mr. Bennet's visit, and determining when they should ask him to
dinner.



Chapter 3


Not all that Mrs. Bennet, however, with the assistance of her five
daughters, could ask on the subject, was sufficient to draw from her
husband any satisfactory description of Mr. Bingley. They attacked him
in various ways--with barefaced questions, ingenious suppositions, and
distant surmises; but he eluded the skill of them all, and they were at
last obliged to accept the second-hand intelligence of their neighbour,
Lady Lucas. Her report was highly favourable. Sir William had been
delighted with him. He was quite young, wonderfully handsome, extremely
agreeable, and, to crown the whole, he meant to be at the next assembly
with a large party. Nothing could be more delightful! To be fond of
dancing was a certain step towards falling in love; and very lively
hopes of Mr. Bingley's heart were entertained.

“If I can but see one of my daughters happily settled at Netherfield,”
 said Mrs. Bennet to her husband, “and all the others equally well
married, I shall have nothing to wish for.”

In a few days Mr. Bingley returned Mr. Bennet's visit, and sat about
ten minutes with him in his library. He had entertained hopes of being
admitted to a sight of the young ladies, of whose beauty he had
heard much; but he saw only the father. The ladies were somewhat more
fortunate, for they had the advantage of ascertaining from an upper
window that he wore a blue coat, and rode a black horse.

An invitation to dinner was soon afterwards dispatched; and already
had Mrs. Bennet planned the courses that were to do credit to her
housekeeping, when an answer arrived which deferred it all. Mr. Bingley
was obliged to be in town the following day, and, consequently, unable
to accept the honour of their invitation, etc. Mrs. Bennet was quite
disconcerted. She could not imagine what business he could have in town
so soon after his arrival in Hertfordshire; and she began to fear that
he might be always flying about from one place to another, and never
settled at Netherfield as he ought to be. Lady Lucas quieted her fears
a little by starting the idea of his being gone to London only to get
a large party for the ball; and a report soon followed that Mr. Bingley
was to bring twelve ladies and seven gentlemen with him to the assembly.
The girls grieved over such a number of ladies, but were comforted the
day before the ball by hearing, that instead of twelve he brought only
six with him from London--his five sisters and a cousin. And when
the party entered the assembly room it consisted of only five
altogether--Mr. Bingley, his two sisters, the husband of the eldest, and
another young man.

Mr. Bingley was good-looking and gentlemanlike; he had a pleasant
countenance, and easy, unaffected manners. His sisters were fine women,
with an air of decided fashion. His brother-in-law, Mr. Hurst, merely
looked the gentleman; but his friend Mr. Darcy soon drew the attention
of the room by his fine, tall person, handsome features, noble mien, and
the report which was in general circulation within five minutes
after his entrance, of his having ten thousand a year. The gentlemen
pronounced him to be a fine figure of a man, the ladies declared he
was much handsomer than Mr. Bingley, and he was looked at with great
admiration for about half the evening, till his manners gave a disgust
which turned the tide of his popularity; for he was discovered to be
proud; to be above his company, and above being pleased; and not all
his large estate in Derbyshire could then save him from having a most
forbidding, disagreeable countenance, and being unworthy to be compared
with his friend.

Mr. Bingley had soon made himself acquainted with all the principal
people in the room; he was lively and unreserved, danced every dance,
was angry that the ball closed so early, and talked of giving
one himself at Netherfield. Such amiable qualities must speak for
themselves. What a contrast between him and his friend! Mr. Darcy danced
only once with Mrs. Hurst and once with Miss Bingley, declined being
introduced to any other lady, and spent the rest of the evening in
walking about the room, speaking occasionally to one of his own party.
His character was decided. He was the proudest, most disagreeable man
in the world, and everybody hoped that he would never come there again.
Amongst the most violent against him was Mrs. Bennet, whose dislike of
his general behaviour was sharpened into particular resentment by his
having slighted one of her daughters.

Elizabeth Bennet had been obliged, by the scarcity of gentlemen, to sit
down for two dances; and during part of that time, Mr. Darcy had been
standing near enough for her to hear a conversation between him and Mr.
Bingley, who came from the dance for a few minutes, to press his friend
to join it.

“Come, Darcy,” said he, “I must have you dance. I hate to see you
standing about by yourself in this stupid manner. You had much better
dance.”

“I certainly shall not. You know how I detest it, unless I am
particularly acquainted with my partner. At such an assembly as this
it would be insupportable. Your sisters are engaged, and there is not
another woman in the room whom it would not be a punishment to me to
stand up with.”

“I would not be so fastidious as you are,” cried Mr. Bingley, “for a
kingdom! Upon my honour, I never met with so many pleasant girls in
my life as I have this evening; and there are several of them you see
uncommonly pretty.”

“_You_ are dancing with the only handsome girl in the room,” said Mr.
Darcy, looking at the eldest Miss Bennet.

“Oh! She is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld! But there is one
of her sisters sitting down just behind you, who is very pretty, and I
dare say very agreeable. Do let me ask my partner to introduce you.”

“Which do you mean?” and turning round he looked for a moment at
Elizabeth, till catching her eye, he withdrew his own and coldly said:
“She is tolerable, but not handsome enough to tempt _me_; I am in no
humour at present to give consequence to young ladies who are slighted
by other men. You had better return to your partner and enjoy her
smiles, for you are wasting your time with me.”

Mr. Bingley followed his advice. Mr. Darcy walked off; and Elizabeth
remained with no very cordial feelings toward him. She told the story,
however, with great spirit among her friends; for she had a lively,
playful disposition, which delighted in anything ridiculous.

The evening altogether passed off pleasantly to the whole family. Mrs.
Bennet had seen her eldest daughter much admired by the Netherfield
party. Mr. Bingley had danced with her twice, and she had been
distinguished by his sisters. Jane was as much gratified by this as
her mother could be, though in a quieter way. Elizabeth felt Jane's
pleasure. Mary had heard herself mentioned to Miss Bingley as the most
accomplished girl in the neighbourhood; and Catherine and Lydia had been
fortunate enough never to be without partners, which was all that they
had yet learnt to care for at a ball. They returned, therefore, in good
spirits to Longbourn, the village where they lived, and of which they
were the principal inhabitants. They found Mr. Bennet still up. With
a book he was regardless of time; and on the present occasion he had a
good deal of curiosity as to the event of an evening which had raised
such splendid expectations. He had rather hoped that his wife's views on
the stranger would be disappointed; but he soon found out that he had a
different story to hear.

“Oh! my dear Mr. Bennet,” as she entered the room, “we have had a most
delightful evening, a most excellent ball. I wish you had been there.
Jane was so admired, nothing could be like it. Everybody said how well
she looked; and Mr. Bingley thought her quite beautiful, and danced with
her twice! Only think of _that_, my dear; he actually danced with her
twice! and she was the only creature in the room that he asked a second
time. First of all, he asked Miss Lucas. I was so vexed to see him stand
up with her! But, however, he did not admire her at all; indeed, nobody
can, you know; and he seemed quite struck with Jane as she was going
down the dance. So he inquired who she was, and got introduced, and
asked her for the two next. Then the two third he danced with Miss King,
and the two fourth with Maria Lucas, and the two fifth with Jane again,
and the two sixth with Lizzy, and the _Boulanger_--”

“If he had had any compassion for _me_,” cried her husband impatiently,
“he would not have danced half so much! For God's sake, say no more of
his partners. Oh that he had sprained his ankle in the first dance!”

“Oh! my dear, I am quite delighted with him. He is so excessively
handsome! And his sisters are charming women. I never in my life saw
anything more elegant than their dresses. I dare say the lace upon Mrs.
Hurst's gown--”

Here she was interrupted again. Mr. Bennet protested against any
description of finery. She was therefore obliged to seek another branch
of the subject, and related, with much bitterness of spirit and some
exaggeration, the shocking rudeness of Mr. Darcy.

“But I can assure you,” she added, “that Lizzy does not lose much by not
suiting _his_ fancy; for he is a most disagreeable, horrid man, not at
all worth pleasing. So high and so conceited that there was no enduring
him! He walked here, and he walked there, fancying himself so very
great! Not handsome enough to dance with! I wish you had been there, my
dear, to have given him one of your set-downs. I quite detest the man.”



Chapter 4


When Jane and Elizabeth were alone, the former, who had been cautious in
her praise of Mr. Bingley before, expressed to her sister just how very
much she admired him.

“He is just what a young man ought to be,” said she, “sensible,
good-humoured, lively; and I never saw such happy manners!--so much
ease, with such perfect good breeding!”

“He is also handsome,” replied Elizabeth, “which a young man ought
likewise to be, if he possibly can. His character is thereby complete.”

“I was very much flattered by his asking me to dance a second time. I
did not expect such a compliment.”

“Did not you? I did for you. But that is one great difference between
us. Compliments always take _you_ by surprise, and _me_ never. What
could be more natural than his asking you again? He could not help
seeing that you were about five times as pretty as every other woman
in the room. No thanks to his gallantry for that. Well, he certainly is
very agreeable, and I give you leave to like him. You have liked many a
stupider person.”

“Dear Lizzy!”

“Oh! you are a great deal too apt, you know, to like people in general.
You never see a fault in anybody. All the world are good and agreeable
in your eyes. I never heard you speak ill of a human being in your
life.”

“I would not wish to be hasty in censuring anyone; but I always speak
what I think.”

“I know you do; and it is _that_ which makes the wonder. With _your_
good sense, to be so honestly blind to the follies and nonsense of
others! Affectation of candour is common enough--one meets with it
everywhere. But to be candid without ostentation or design--to take the
good of everybody's character and make it still better, and say nothing
of the bad--belongs to you alone. And so you like this man's sisters,
too, do you? Their manners are not equal to his.”

“Certainly not--at first. But they are very pleasing women when you
converse with them. Miss Bingley is to live with her brother, and keep
his house; and I am much mistaken if we shall not find a very charming
neighbour in her.”

Elizabeth listened in silence, but was not convinced; their behaviour at
the assembly had not been calculated to please in general; and with more
quickness of observation and less pliancy of temper than her sister,
and with a judgement too unassailed by any attention to herself, she
was very little disposed to approve them. They were in fact very fine
ladies; not deficient in good humour when they were pleased, nor in the
power of making themselves agreeable when they chose it, but proud and
conceited. They were rather handsome, had been educated in one of the
first private seminaries in town, had a fortune of twenty thousand
pounds, were in the habit of spending more than they ought, and of
associating with people of rank, and were therefore in every respect
entitled to think well of themselves, and meanly of others. They were of
a respectable family in the north of England; a circumstance more deeply
impressed on their memories than that their brother's fortune and their
own had been acquired by trade.

Mr. Bingley inherited property to the amount of nearly a hundred
thousand pounds from his father, who had intended to purchase an
estate, but did not live to do it. Mr. Bingley intended it likewise, and
sometimes made choice of his county; but as he was now provided with a
good house and the liberty of a manor, it was doubtful to many of those
who best knew the easiness of his temper, whether he might not spend the
remainder of his days at Netherfield, and leave the next generation to
purchase.

His sisters were anxious for his having an estate of his own; but,
though he was now only established as a tenant, Miss Bingley was by no
means unwilling to preside at his table--nor was Mrs. Hurst, who had
married a man of more fashion than fortune, less disposed to consider
his house as her home when it suited her. Mr. Bingley had not been of
age two years, when he was tempted by an accidental recommendation
to look at Netherfield House. He did look at it, and into it for
half-an-hour--was pleased with the situation and the principal
rooms, satisfied with what the owner said in its praise, and took it
immediately.

Between him and Darcy there was a very steady friendship, in spite of
great opposition of character. Bingley was endeared to Darcy by the
easiness, openness, and ductility of his temper, though no disposition
could offer a greater contrast to his own, and though with his own he
never appeared dissatisfied. On the strength of Darcy's regard, Bingley
had the firmest reliance, and of his judgement the highest opinion.
In understanding, Darcy was the superior. Bingley was by no means
deficient, but Darcy was clever. He was at the same time haughty,
reserved, and fastidious, and his manners, though well-bred, were not
inviting. In that respect his friend had greatly the advantage. Bingley
was sure of being liked wherever he appeared, Darcy was continually
giving offense.

The manner in which they spoke of the Meryton assembly was sufficiently
characteristic. Bingley had never met with more pleasant people or
prettier girls in his life; everybody had been most kind and attentive
to him; there had been no formality, no stiffness; he had soon felt
acquainted with all the room; and, as to Miss Bennet, he could not
conceive an angel more beautiful. Darcy, on the contrary, had seen a
collection of people in whom there was little beauty and no fashion, for
none of whom he had felt the smallest interest, and from none received
either attention or pleasure. Miss Bennet he acknowledged to be pretty,
but she smiled too much.

Mrs. Hurst and her sister allowed it to be so--but still they admired
her and liked her, and pronounced her to be a sweet girl, and one
whom they would not object to know more of. Miss Bennet was therefore
established as a sweet girl, and their brother felt authorized by such
commendation to think of her as he chose.



Chapter 5


Within a short walk of Longbourn lived a family with whom the Bennets
were particularly intimate. Sir William Lucas had been formerly in trade
in Meryton, where he had made a tolerable fortune, and risen to the
honour of knighthood by an address to the king during his mayoralty.
The distinction had perhaps been felt too strongly. It had given him a
disgust to his business, and to his residence in a small market town;
and, in quitting them both, he had removed with his family to a house
about a mile from Meryton, denominated from that period Lucas Lodge,
where he could think with pleasure of his own importance, and,
unshackled by business, occupy himself solely in being civil to all
the world. For, though elated by his rank, it did not render him
supercilious; on the contrary, he was all attention to everybody. By
nature inoffensive, friendly, and obliging, his presentation at St.
James's had made him courteous.

Lady Lucas was a very good kind of woman, not too clever to be a
valuable neighbour to Mrs. Bennet. They had several children. The eldest
of them, a sensible, intelligent young woman, about twenty-seven, was
Elizabeth's intimate friend.

That the Miss Lucases and the Miss Bennets should meet to talk over
a ball was absolutely necessary; and the morning after the assembly
brought the former to Longbourn to hear and to communicate.

“_You_ began the evening well, Charlotte,” said Mrs. Bennet with civil
self-command to Miss Lucas. “_You_ were Mr. Bingley's first choice.”

“Yes; but he seemed to like his second better.”

“Oh! you mean Jane, I suppose, because he danced with her twice. To be
sure that _did_ seem as if he admired her--indeed I rather believe he
_did_--I heard something about it--but I hardly know what--something
about Mr. Robinson.”

“Perhaps you mean what I overheard between him and Mr. Robinson; did not
I mention it to you? Mr. Robinson's asking him how he liked our Meryton
assemblies, and whether he did not think there were a great many
pretty women in the room, and _which_ he thought the prettiest? and his
answering immediately to the last question: 'Oh! the eldest Miss Bennet,
beyond a doubt; there cannot be two opinions on that point.'”

“Upon my word! Well, that is very decided indeed--that does seem as
if--but, however, it may all come to nothing, you know.”

“_My_ overhearings were more to the purpose than _yours_, Eliza,” said
Charlotte. “Mr. Darcy is not so well worth listening to as his friend,
is he?--poor Eliza!--to be only just _tolerable_.”

“I beg you would not put it into Lizzy's head to be vexed by his
ill-treatment, for he is such a disagreeable man, that it would be quite
a misfortune to be liked by him. Mrs. Long told me last night that he
sat close to her for half-an-hour without once opening his lips.”

“Are you quite sure, ma'am?--is not there a little mistake?” said Jane.
“I certainly saw Mr. Darcy speaking to her.”

“Aye--because she asked him at last how he liked Netherfield, and he
could not help answering her; but she said he seemed quite angry at
being spoke to.”

“Miss Bingley told me,” said Jane, “that he never speaks much,
unless among his intimate acquaintances. With _them_ he is remarkably
agreeable.”

“I do not believe a word of it, my dear. If he had been so very
agreeable, he would have talked to Mrs. Long. But I can guess how it
was; everybody says that he is eat up with pride, and I dare say he had
heard somehow that Mrs. Long does not keep a carriage, and had come to
the ball in a hack chaise.”

“I do not mind his not talking to Mrs. Long,” said Miss Lucas, “but I
wish he had danced with Eliza.”

“Another time, Lizzy,” said her mother, “I would not dance with _him_,
if I were you.”

“I believe, ma'am, I may safely promise you _never_ to dance with him.”

“His pride,” said Miss Lucas, “does not offend _me_ so much as pride
often does, because there is an excuse for it. One cannot wonder that so
very fine a young man, with family, fortune, everything in his favour,
should think highly of himself. If I may so express it, he has a _right_
to be proud.”

“That is very true,” replied Elizabeth, “and I could easily forgive
_his_ pride, if he had not mortified _mine_.”

“Pride,” observed Mary, who piqued herself upon the solidity of her
reflections, “is a very common failing, I believe. By all that I have
ever read, I am convinced that it is very common indeed; that human
nature is particularly prone to it, and that there are very few of us
who do not cherish a feeling of self-complacency on the score of some
quality or other, real or imaginary. Vanity and pride are different
things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may
be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of
ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.”

“If I were as rich as Mr. Darcy,” cried a young Lucas, who came with
his sisters, “I should not care how proud I was. I would keep a pack of
foxhounds, and drink a bottle of wine a day.”

“Then you would drink a great deal more than you ought,” said Mrs.
Bennet; “and if I were to see you at it, I should take away your bottle
directly.”

The boy protested that she should not; she continued to declare that she
would, and the argument ended only with the visit.



Chapter 6


The ladies of Longbourn soon waited on those of Netherfield. The visit
was soon returned in due form. Miss Bennet's pleasing manners grew on
the goodwill of Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley; and though the mother was
found to be intolerable, and the younger sisters not worth speaking to,
a wish of being better acquainted with _them_ was expressed towards
the two eldest. By Jane, this attention was received with the greatest
pleasure, but Elizabeth still saw superciliousness in their treatment
of everybody, hardly excepting even her sister, and could not like them;
though their kindness to Jane, such as it was, had a value as arising in
all probability from the influence of their brother's admiration. It
was generally evident whenever they met, that he _did_ admire her and
to _her_ it was equally evident that Jane was yielding to the preference
which she had begun to entertain for him from the first, and was in a
way to be very much in love; but she considered with pleasure that it
was not likely to be discovered by the world in general, since Jane
united, with great strength of feeling, a composure of temper and a
uniform cheerfulness of manner which would guard her from the suspicions
of the impertinent. She mentioned this to her friend Miss Lucas.

“It may perhaps be pleasant,” replied Charlotte, “to be able to impose
on the public in such a case; but it is sometimes a disadvantage to be
so very guarded. If a woman conceals her affection with the same skill
from the object of it, she may lose the opportunity of fixing him; and
it will then be but poor consolation to believe the world equally in
the dark. There is so much of gratitude or vanity in almost every
attachment, that it is not safe to leave any to itself. We can all
_begin_ freely--a slight preference is natural enough; but there are
very few of us who have heart enough to be really in love without
encouragement. In nine cases out of ten a women had better show _more_
affection than she feels. Bingley likes your sister undoubtedly; but he
may never do more than like her, if she does not help him on.”

“But she does help him on, as much as her nature will allow. If I can
perceive her regard for him, he must be a simpleton, indeed, not to
discover it too.”

“Remember, Eliza, that he does not know Jane's disposition as you do.”

“But if a woman is partial to a man, and does not endeavour to conceal
it, he must find it out.”

“Perhaps he must, if he sees enough of her. But, though Bingley and Jane
meet tolerably often, it is never for many hours together; and, as they
always see each other in large mixed parties, it is impossible that
every moment should be employed in conversing together. Jane should
therefore make the most of every half-hour in which she can command his
attention. When she is secure of him, there will be more leisure for
falling in love as much as she chooses.”

“Your plan is a good one,” replied Elizabeth, “where nothing is in
question but the desire of being well married, and if I were determined
to get a rich husband, or any husband, I dare say I should adopt it. But
these are not Jane's feelings; she is not acting by design. As yet,
she cannot even be certain of the degree of her own regard nor of its
reasonableness. She has known him only a fortnight. She danced four
dances with him at Meryton; she saw him one morning at his own house,
and has since dined with him in company four times. This is not quite
enough to make her understand his character.”

“Not as you represent it. Had she merely _dined_ with him, she might
only have discovered whether he had a good appetite; but you must
remember that four evenings have also been spent together--and four
evenings may do a great deal.”

“Yes; these four evenings have enabled them to ascertain that they
both like Vingt-un better than Commerce; but with respect to any other
leading characteristic, I do not imagine that much has been unfolded.”

“Well,” said Charlotte, “I wish Jane success with all my heart; and
if she were married to him to-morrow, I should think she had as good a
chance of happiness as if she were to be studying his character for a
twelvemonth. Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. If
the dispositions of the parties are ever so well known to each other or
ever so similar beforehand, it does not advance their felicity in the
least. They always continue to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards to
have their share of vexation; and it is better to know as little as
possible of the defects of the person with whom you are to pass your
life.”

“You make me laugh, Charlotte; but it is not sound. You know it is not
sound, and that you would never act in this way yourself.”

Occupied in observing Mr. Bingley's attentions to her sister, Elizabeth
was far from suspecting that she was herself becoming an object of some
interest in the eyes of his friend. Mr. Darcy had at first scarcely
allowed her to be pretty; he had looked at her without admiration at the
ball; and when they next met, he looked at her only to criticise. But no
sooner had he made it clear to himself and his friends that she hardly
had a good feature in her face, than he began to find it was rendered
uncommonly intelligent by the beautiful expression of her dark eyes. To
this discovery succeeded some others equally mortifying. Though he had
detected with a critical eye more than one failure of perfect symmetry
in her form, he was forced to acknowledge her figure to be light and
pleasing; and in spite of his asserting that her manners were not those
of the fashionable world, he was caught by their easy playfulness. Of
this she was perfectly unaware; to her he was only the man who made
himself agreeable nowhere, and who had not thought her handsome enough
to dance with.

He began to wish to know more of her, and as a step towards conversing
with her himself, attended to her conversation with others. His doing so
drew her notice. It was at Sir William Lucas's, where a large party were
assembled.

“What does Mr. Darcy mean,” said she to Charlotte, “by listening to my
conversation with Colonel Forster?”

“That is a question which Mr. Darcy only can answer.”

“But if he does it any more I shall certainly let him know that I see
what he is about. He has a very satirical eye, and if I do not begin by
being impertinent myself, I shall soon grow afraid of him.”

On his approaching them soon afterwards, though without seeming to have
any intention of speaking, Miss Lucas defied her friend to mention such
a subject to him; which immediately provoking Elizabeth to do it, she
turned to him and said:

“Did you not think, Mr. Darcy, that I expressed myself uncommonly
well just now, when I was teasing Colonel Forster to give us a ball at
Meryton?”

“With great energy; but it is always a subject which makes a lady
energetic.”

“You are severe on us.”

“It will be _her_ turn soon to be teased,” said Miss Lucas. “I am going
to open the instrument, Eliza, and you know what follows.”

“You are a very strange creature by way of a friend!--always wanting me
to play and sing before anybody and everybody! If my vanity had taken
a musical turn, you would have been invaluable; but as it is, I would
really rather not sit down before those who must be in the habit of
hearing the very best performers.” On Miss Lucas's persevering, however,
she added, “Very well, if it must be so, it must.” And gravely glancing
at Mr. Darcy, “There is a fine old saying, which everybody here is of
course familiar with: 'Keep your breath to cool your porridge'; and I
shall keep mine to swell my song.”

Her performance was pleasing, though by no means capital. After a song
or two, and before she could reply to the entreaties of several that
she would sing again, she was eagerly succeeded at the instrument by her
sister Mary, who having, in consequence of being the only plain one in
the family, worked hard for knowledge and accomplishments, was always
impatient for display.

Mary had neither genius nor taste; and though vanity had given her
application, it had given her likewise a pedantic air and conceited
manner, which would have injured a higher degree of excellence than she
had reached. Elizabeth, easy and unaffected, had been listened to with
much more pleasure, though not playing half so well; and Mary, at the
end of a long concerto, was glad to purchase praise and gratitude by
Scotch and Irish airs, at the request of her younger sisters, who,
with some of the Lucases, and two or three officers, joined eagerly in
dancing at one end of the room.

Mr. Darcy stood near them in silent indignation at such a mode of
passing the evening, to the exclusion of all conversation, and was too
much engrossed by his thoughts to perceive that Sir William Lucas was
his neighbour, till Sir William thus began:

“What a charming amusement for young people this is, Mr. Darcy! There
is nothing like dancing after all. I consider it as one of the first
refinements of polished society.”

“Certainly, sir; and it has the advantage also of being in vogue amongst
the less polished societies of the world. Every savage can dance.”

Sir William only smiled. “Your friend performs delightfully,” he
continued after a pause, on seeing Bingley join the group; “and I doubt
not that you are an adept in the science yourself, Mr. Darcy.”

“You saw me dance at Meryton, I believe, sir.”

“Yes, indeed, and received no inconsiderable pleasure from the sight. Do
you often dance at St. James's?”

“Never, sir.”

“Do you not think it would be a proper compliment to the place?”

“It is a compliment which I never pay to any place if I can avoid it.”

“You have a house in town, I conclude?”

Mr. Darcy bowed.

“I had once had some thought of fixing in town myself--for I am fond
of superior society; but I did not feel quite certain that the air of
London would agree with Lady Lucas.”

He paused in hopes of an answer; but his companion was not disposed
to make any; and Elizabeth at that instant moving towards them, he was
struck with the action of doing a very gallant thing, and called out to
her:

“My dear Miss Eliza, why are you not dancing? Mr. Darcy, you must allow
me to present this young lady to you as a very desirable partner. You
cannot refuse to dance, I am sure when so much beauty is before you.”
 And, taking her hand, he would have given it to Mr. Darcy who, though
extremely surprised, was not unwilling to receive it, when she instantly
drew back, and said with some discomposure to Sir William:

“Indeed, sir, I have not the least intention of dancing. I entreat you
not to suppose that I moved this way in order to beg for a partner.”

Mr. Darcy, with grave propriety, requested to be allowed the honour of
her hand, but in vain. Elizabeth was determined; nor did Sir William at
all shake her purpose by his attempt at persuasion.

“You excel so much in the dance, Miss Eliza, that it is cruel to deny
me the happiness of seeing you; and though this gentleman dislikes the
amusement in general, he can have no objection, I am sure, to oblige us
for one half-hour.”

“Mr. Darcy is all politeness,” said Elizabeth, smiling.

“He is, indeed; but, considering the inducement, my dear Miss Eliza,
we cannot wonder at his complaisance--for who would object to such a
partner?”

Elizabeth looked archly, and turned away. Her resistance had not
injured her with the gentleman, and he was thinking of her with some
complacency, when thus accosted by Miss Bingley:

“I can guess the subject of your reverie.”

“I should imagine not.”

“You are considering how insupportable it would be to pass many evenings
in this manner--in such society; and indeed I am quite of your opinion.
I was never more annoyed! The insipidity, and yet the noise--the
nothingness, and yet the self-importance of all those people! What would
I give to hear your strictures on them!”

“Your conjecture is totally wrong, I assure you. My mind was more
agreeably engaged. I have been meditating on the very great pleasure
which a pair of fine eyes in the face of a pretty woman can bestow.”

Miss Bingley immediately fixed her eyes on his face, and desired he
would tell her what lady had the credit of inspiring such reflections.
Mr. Darcy replied with great intrepidity:

“Miss Elizabeth Bennet.”

“Miss Elizabeth Bennet!” repeated Miss Bingley. “I am all astonishment.
How long has she been such a favourite?--and pray, when am I to wish you
joy?”

“That is exactly the question which I expected you to ask. A lady's
imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love
to matrimony, in a moment. I knew you would be wishing me joy.”

“Nay, if you are serious about it, I shall consider the matter is
absolutely settled. You will be having a charming mother-in-law, indeed;
and, of course, she will always be at Pemberley with you.”

He listened to her with perfect indifference while she chose to
entertain herself in this manner; and as his composure convinced her
that all was safe, her wit flowed long.



Chapter 7


Mr. Bennet's property consisted almost entirely in an estate of two
thousand a year, which, unfortunately for his daughters, was entailed,
in default of heirs male, on a distant relation; and their mother's
fortune, though ample for her situation in life, could but ill supply
the deficiency of his. Her father had been an attorney in Meryton, and
had left her four thousand pounds.

She had a sister married to a Mr. Phillips, who had been a clerk to
their father and succeeded him in the business, and a brother settled in
London in a respectable line of trade.

The village of Longbourn was only one mile from Meryton; a most
convenient distance for the young ladies, who were usually tempted
thither three or four times a week, to pay their duty to their aunt and
to a milliner's shop just over the way. The two youngest of the family,
Catherine and Lydia, were particularly frequent in these attentions;
their minds were more vacant than their sisters', and when nothing
better offered, a walk to Meryton was necessary to amuse their morning
hours and furnish conversation for the evening; and however bare of news
the country in general might be, they always contrived to learn some
from their aunt. At present, indeed, they were well supplied both with
news and happiness by the recent arrival of a militia regiment in the
neighbourhood; it was to remain the whole winter, and Meryton was the
headquarters.

Their visits to Mrs. Phillips were now productive of the most
interesting intelligence. Every day added something to their knowledge
of the officers' names and connections. Their lodgings were not long a
secret, and at length they began to know the officers themselves. Mr.
Phillips visited them all, and this opened to his nieces a store of
felicity unknown before. They could talk of nothing but officers; and
Mr. Bingley's large fortune, the mention of which gave animation
to their mother, was worthless in their eyes when opposed to the
regimentals of an ensign.

After listening one morning to their effusions on this subject, Mr.
Bennet coolly observed:

“From all that I can collect by your manner of talking, you must be two
of the silliest girls in the country. I have suspected it some time, but
I am now convinced.”

Catherine was disconcerted, and made no answer; but Lydia, with perfect
indifference, continued to express her admiration of Captain Carter,
and her hope of seeing him in the course of the day, as he was going the
next morning to London.

“I am astonished, my dear,” said Mrs. Bennet, “that you should be so
ready to think your own children silly. If I wished to think slightingly
of anybody's children, it should not be of my own, however.”

“If my children are silly, I must hope to be always sensible of it.”

“Yes--but as it happens, they are all of them very clever.”

“This is the only point, I flatter myself, on which we do not agree. I
had hoped that our sentiments coincided in every particular, but I must
so far differ from you as to think our two youngest daughters uncommonly
foolish.”

“My dear Mr. Bennet, you must not expect such girls to have the sense of
their father and mother. When they get to our age, I dare say they will
not think about officers any more than we do. I remember the time when
I liked a red coat myself very well--and, indeed, so I do still at my
heart; and if a smart young colonel, with five or six thousand a year,
should want one of my girls I shall not say nay to him; and I thought
Colonel Forster looked very becoming the other night at Sir William's in
his regimentals.”

“Mamma,” cried Lydia, “my aunt says that Colonel Forster and Captain
Carter do not go so often to Miss Watson's as they did when they first
came; she sees them now very often standing in Clarke's library.”

Mrs. Bennet was prevented replying by the entrance of the footman with
a note for Miss Bennet; it came from Netherfield, and the servant waited
for an answer. Mrs. Bennet's eyes sparkled with pleasure, and she was
eagerly calling out, while her daughter read,

“Well, Jane, who is it from? What is it about? What does he say? Well,
Jane, make haste and tell us; make haste, my love.”

“It is from Miss Bingley,” said Jane, and then read it aloud.

“MY DEAR FRIEND,--

“If you are not so compassionate as to dine to-day with Louisa and me,
we shall be in danger of hating each other for the rest of our lives,
for a whole day's tete-a-tete between two women can never end without a
quarrel. Come as soon as you can on receipt of this. My brother and the
gentlemen are to dine with the officers.--Yours ever,

“CAROLINE BINGLEY”

“With the officers!” cried Lydia. “I wonder my aunt did not tell us of
_that_.”

“Dining out,” said Mrs. Bennet, “that is very unlucky.”

“Can I have the carriage?” said Jane.

“No, my dear, you had better go on horseback, because it seems likely to
rain; and then you must stay all night.”

“That would be a good scheme,” said Elizabeth, “if you were sure that
they would not offer to send her home.”

“Oh! but the gentlemen will have Mr. Bingley's chaise to go to Meryton,
and the Hursts have no horses to theirs.”

“I had much rather go in the coach.”

“But, my dear, your father cannot spare the horses, I am sure. They are
wanted in the farm, Mr. Bennet, are they not?”

“They are wanted in the farm much oftener than I can get them.”

“But if you have got them to-day,” said Elizabeth, “my mother's purpose
will be answered.”

She did at last extort from her father an acknowledgment that the horses
were engaged. Jane was therefore obliged to go on horseback, and her
mother attended her to the door with many cheerful prognostics of a
bad day. Her hopes were answered; Jane had not been gone long before
it rained hard. Her sisters were uneasy for her, but her mother was
delighted. The rain continued the whole evening without intermission;
Jane certainly could not come back.

“This was a lucky idea of mine, indeed!” said Mrs. Bennet more than
once, as if the credit of making it rain were all her own. Till the
next morning, however, she was not aware of all the felicity of her
contrivance. Breakfast was scarcely over when a servant from Netherfield
brought the following note for Elizabeth:

“MY DEAREST LIZZY,--

“I find myself very unwell this morning, which, I suppose, is to be
imputed to my getting wet through yesterday. My kind friends will not
hear of my returning till I am better. They insist also on my seeing Mr.
Jones--therefore do not be alarmed if you should hear of his having been
to me--and, excepting a sore throat and headache, there is not much the
matter with me.--Yours, etc.”

“Well, my dear,” said Mr. Bennet, when Elizabeth had read the note
aloud, “if your daughter should have a dangerous fit of illness--if she
should die, it would be a comfort to know that it was all in pursuit of
Mr. Bingley, and under your orders.”

“Oh! I am not afraid of her dying. People do not die of little trifling
colds. She will be taken good care of. As long as she stays there, it is
all very well. I would go and see her if I could have the carriage.”

Elizabeth, feeling really anxious, was determined to go to her, though
the carriage was not to be had; and as she was no horsewoman, walking
was her only alternative. She declared her resolution.

“How can you be so silly,” cried her mother, “as to think of such a
thing, in all this dirt! You will not be fit to be seen when you get
there.”

“I shall be very fit to see Jane--which is all I want.”

“Is this a hint to me, Lizzy,” said her father, “to send for the
horses?”

“No, indeed, I do not wish to avoid the walk. The distance is nothing
when one has a motive; only three miles. I shall be back by dinner.”

“I admire the activity of your benevolence,” observed Mary, “but every
impulse of feeling should be guided by reason; and, in my opinion,
exertion should always be in proportion to what is required.”

“We will go as far as Meryton with you,” said Catherine and Lydia.
Elizabeth accepted their company, and the three young ladies set off
together.

“If we make haste,” said Lydia, as they walked along, “perhaps we may
see something of Captain Carter before he goes.”

In Meryton they parted; the two youngest repaired to the lodgings of one
of the officers' wives, and Elizabeth continued her walk alone, crossing
field after field at a quick pace, jumping over stiles and springing
over puddles with impatient activity, and finding herself at last
within view of the house, with weary ankles, dirty stockings, and a face
glowing with the warmth of exercise.

She was shown into the breakfast-parlour, where all but Jane were
assembled, and where her appearance created a great deal of surprise.
That she should have walked three miles so early in the day, in such
dirty weather, and by herself, was almost incredible to Mrs. Hurst and
Miss Bingley; and Elizabeth was convinced that they held her in contempt
for it. She was received, however, very politely by them; and in their
brother's manners there was something better than politeness; there
was good humour and kindness. Mr. Darcy said very little, and Mr.
Hurst nothing at all. The former was divided between admiration of the
brilliancy which exercise had given to her complexion, and doubt as
to the occasion's justifying her coming so far alone. The latter was
thinking only of his breakfast.

Her inquiries after her sister were not very favourably answered. Miss
Bennet had slept ill, and though up, was very feverish, and not
well enough to leave her room. Elizabeth was glad to be taken to her
immediately; and Jane, who had only been withheld by the fear of giving
alarm or inconvenience from expressing in her note how much she longed
for such a visit, was delighted at her entrance. She was not equal,
however, to much conversation, and when Miss Bingley left them
together, could attempt little besides expressions of gratitude for the
extraordinary kindness she was treated with. Elizabeth silently attended
her.

When breakfast was over they were joined by the sisters; and Elizabeth
began to like them herself, when she saw how much affection and
solicitude they showed for Jane. The apothecary came, and having
examined his patient, said, as might be supposed, that she had caught
a violent cold, and that they must endeavour to get the better of it;
advised her to return to bed, and promised her some draughts. The advice
was followed readily, for the feverish symptoms increased, and her head
ached acutely. Elizabeth did not quit her room for a moment; nor were
the other ladies often absent; the gentlemen being out, they had, in
fact, nothing to do elsewhere.

When the clock struck three, Elizabeth felt that she must go, and very
unwillingly said so. Miss Bingley offered her the carriage, and she only
wanted a little pressing to accept it, when Jane testified such concern
in parting with her, that Miss Bingley was obliged to convert the offer
of the chaise to an invitation to remain at Netherfield for the present.
Elizabeth most thankfully consented, and a servant was dispatched to
Longbourn to acquaint the family with her stay and bring back a supply
of clothes.



Chapter 8


At five o'clock the two ladies retired to dress, and at half-past six
Elizabeth was summoned to dinner. To the civil inquiries which then
poured in, and amongst which she had the pleasure of distinguishing the
much superior solicitude of Mr. Bingley's, she could not make a very
favourable answer. Jane was by no means better. The sisters, on hearing
this, repeated three or four times how much they were grieved, how
shocking it was to have a bad cold, and how excessively they disliked
being ill themselves; and then thought no more of the matter: and their
indifference towards Jane when not immediately before them restored
Elizabeth to the enjoyment of all her former dislike.

Their brother, indeed, was the only one of the party whom she could
regard with any complacency. His anxiety for Jane was evident, and his
attentions to herself most pleasing, and they prevented her feeling
herself so much an intruder as she believed she was considered by the
others. She had very little notice from any but him. Miss Bingley was
engrossed by Mr. Darcy, her sister scarcely less so; and as for Mr.
Hurst, by whom Elizabeth sat, he was an indolent man, who lived only to
eat, drink, and play at cards; who, when he found her to prefer a plain
dish to a ragout, had nothing to say to her.

When dinner was over, she returned directly to Jane, and Miss Bingley
began abusing her as soon as she was out of the room. Her manners were
pronounced to be very bad indeed, a mixture of pride and impertinence;
she had no conversation, no style, no beauty. Mrs. Hurst thought the
same, and added:

“She has nothing, in short, to recommend her, but being an excellent
walker. I shall never forget her appearance this morning. She really
looked almost wild.”

“She did, indeed, Louisa. I could hardly keep my countenance. Very
nonsensical to come at all! Why must _she_ be scampering about the
country, because her sister had a cold? Her hair, so untidy, so blowsy!”

“Yes, and her petticoat; I hope you saw her petticoat, six inches deep
in mud, I am absolutely certain; and the gown which had been let down to
hide it not doing its office.”

“Your picture may be very exact, Louisa,” said Bingley; “but this was
all lost upon me. I thought Miss Elizabeth Bennet looked remarkably
well when she came into the room this morning. Her dirty petticoat quite
escaped my notice.”

“_You_ observed it, Mr. Darcy, I am sure,” said Miss Bingley; “and I am
inclined to think that you would not wish to see _your_ sister make such
an exhibition.”

“Certainly not.”

“To walk three miles, or four miles, or five miles, or whatever it is,
above her ankles in dirt, and alone, quite alone! What could she mean by
it? It seems to me to show an abominable sort of conceited independence,
a most country-town indifference to decorum.”

“It shows an affection for her sister that is very pleasing,” said
Bingley.

“I am afraid, Mr. Darcy,” observed Miss Bingley in a half whisper, “that
this adventure has rather affected your admiration of her fine eyes.”

“Not at all,” he replied; “they were brightened by the exercise.” A
short pause followed this speech, and Mrs. Hurst began again:

“I have an excessive regard for Miss Jane Bennet, she is really a very
sweet girl, and I wish with all my heart she were well settled. But with
such a father and mother, and such low connections, I am afraid there is
no chance of it.”

“I think I have heard you say that their uncle is an attorney in
Meryton.”

“Yes; and they have another, who lives somewhere near Cheapside.”

“That is capital,” added her sister, and they both laughed heartily.

“If they had uncles enough to fill _all_ Cheapside,” cried Bingley, “it
would not make them one jot less agreeable.”

“But it must very materially lessen their chance of marrying men of any
consideration in the world,” replied Darcy.

To this speech Bingley made no answer; but his sisters gave it their
hearty assent, and indulged their mirth for some time at the expense of
their dear friend's vulgar relations.

With a renewal of tenderness, however, they returned to her room on
leaving the dining-parlour, and sat with her till summoned to coffee.
She was still very poorly, and Elizabeth would not quit her at all, till
late in the evening, when she had the comfort of seeing her sleep, and
when it seemed to her rather right than pleasant that she should go
downstairs herself. On entering the drawing-room she found the whole
party at loo, and was immediately invited to join them; but suspecting
them to be playing high she declined it, and making her sister the
excuse, said she would amuse herself for the short time she could stay
below, with a book. Mr. Hurst looked at her with astonishment.

“Do you prefer reading to cards?” said he; “that is rather singular.”

“Miss Eliza Bennet,” said Miss Bingley, “despises cards. She is a great
reader, and has no pleasure in anything else.”

“I deserve neither such praise nor such censure,” cried Elizabeth; “I am
_not_ a great reader, and I have pleasure in many things.”

“In nursing your sister I am sure you have pleasure,” said Bingley; “and
I hope it will be soon increased by seeing her quite well.”

Elizabeth thanked him from her heart, and then walked towards the
table where a few books were lying. He immediately offered to fetch her
others--all that his library afforded.

“And I wish my collection were larger for your benefit and my own
credit; but I am an idle fellow, and though I have not many, I have more
than I ever looked into.”

Elizabeth assured him that she could suit herself perfectly with those
in the room.

“I am astonished,” said Miss Bingley, “that my father should have left
so small a collection of books. What a delightful library you have at
Pemberley, Mr. Darcy!”

“It ought to be good,” he replied, “it has been the work of many
generations.”

“And then you have added so much to it yourself, you are always buying
books.”

“I cannot comprehend the neglect of a family library in such days as
these.”

“Neglect! I am sure you neglect nothing that can add to the beauties of
that noble place. Charles, when you build _your_ house, I wish it may be
half as delightful as Pemberley.”

“I wish it may.”

“But I would really advise you to make your purchase in that
neighbourhood, and take Pemberley for a kind of model. There is not a
finer county in England than Derbyshire.”

“With all my heart; I will buy Pemberley itself if Darcy will sell it.”

“I am talking of possibilities, Charles.”

“Upon my word, Caroline, I should think it more possible to get
Pemberley by purchase than by imitation.”

Elizabeth was so much caught with what passed, as to leave her very
little attention for her book; and soon laying it wholly aside, she drew
near the card-table, and stationed herself between Mr. Bingley and his
eldest sister, to observe the game.

“Is Miss Darcy much grown since the spring?” said Miss Bingley; “will
she be as tall as I am?”

“I think she will. She is now about Miss Elizabeth Bennet's height, or
rather taller.”

“How I long to see her again! I never met with anybody who delighted me
so much. Such a countenance, such manners! And so extremely accomplished
for her age! Her performance on the pianoforte is exquisite.”

“It is amazing to me,” said Bingley, “how young ladies can have patience
to be so very accomplished as they all are.”

“All young ladies accomplished! My dear Charles, what do you mean?”

“Yes, all of them, I think. They all paint tables, cover screens, and
net purses. I scarcely know anyone who cannot do all this, and I am sure
I never heard a young lady spoken of for the first time, without being
informed that she was very accomplished.”

“Your list of the common extent of accomplishments,” said Darcy, “has
too much truth. The word is applied to many a woman who deserves it no
otherwise than by netting a purse or covering a screen. But I am very
far from agreeing with you in your estimation of ladies in general. I
cannot boast of knowing more than half-a-dozen, in the whole range of my
acquaintance, that are really accomplished.”

“Nor I, I am sure,” said Miss Bingley.

“Then,” observed Elizabeth, “you must comprehend a great deal in your
idea of an accomplished woman.”

“Yes, I do comprehend a great deal in it.”

“Oh! certainly,” cried his faithful assistant, “no one can be really
esteemed accomplished who does not greatly surpass what is usually met
with. A woman must have a thorough knowledge of music, singing, drawing,
dancing, and the modern languages, to deserve the word; and besides
all this, she must possess a certain something in her air and manner of
walking, the tone of her voice, her address and expressions, or the word
will be but half-deserved.”

“All this she must possess,” added Darcy, “and to all this she must
yet add something more substantial, in the improvement of her mind by
extensive reading.”

“I am no longer surprised at your knowing _only_ six accomplished women.
I rather wonder now at your knowing _any_.”

“Are you so severe upon your own sex as to doubt the possibility of all
this?”

“I never saw such a woman. I never saw such capacity, and taste, and
application, and elegance, as you describe united.”

Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley both cried out against the injustice of her
implied doubt, and were both protesting that they knew many women who
answered this description, when Mr. Hurst called them to order, with
bitter complaints of their inattention to what was going forward. As all
conversation was thereby at an end, Elizabeth soon afterwards left the
room.

“Elizabeth Bennet,” said Miss Bingley, when the door was closed on her,
“is one of those young ladies who seek to recommend themselves to the
other sex by undervaluing their own; and with many men, I dare say, it
succeeds. But, in my opinion, it is a paltry device, a very mean art.”

“Undoubtedly,” replied Darcy, to whom this remark was chiefly addressed,
“there is a meanness in _all_ the arts which ladies sometimes condescend
to employ for captivation. Whatever bears affinity to cunning is
despicable.”

Miss Bingley was not so entirely satisfied with this reply as to
continue the subject.

Elizabeth joined them again only to say that her sister was worse, and
that she could not leave her. Bingley urged Mr. Jones being sent for
immediately; while his sisters, convinced that no country advice could
be of any service, recommended an express to town for one of the most
eminent physicians. This she would not hear of; but she was not so
unwilling to comply with their brother's proposal; and it was settled
that Mr. Jones should be sent for early in the morning, if Miss Bennet
were not decidedly better. Bingley was quite uncomfortable; his sisters
declared that they were miserable. They solaced their wretchedness,
however, by duets after supper, while he could find no better relief
to his feelings than by giving his housekeeper directions that every
attention might be paid to the sick lady and her sister.



Chapter 9


Elizabeth passed the chief of the night in her sister's room, and in the
morning had the pleasure of being able to send a tolerable answer to the
inquiries which she very early received from Mr. Bingley by a housemaid,
and some time afterwards from the two elegant ladies who waited on his
sisters. In spite of this amendment, however, she requested to have a
note sent to Longbourn, desiring her mother to visit Jane, and form her
own judgement of her situation. The note was immediately dispatched, and
its contents as quickly complied with. Mrs. Bennet, accompanied by her
two youngest girls, reached Netherfield soon after the family breakfast.

Had she found Jane in any apparent danger, Mrs. Bennet would have been
very miserable; but being satisfied on seeing her that her illness was
not alarming, she had no wish of her recovering immediately, as her
restoration to health would probably remove her from Netherfield. She
would not listen, therefore, to her daughter's proposal of being carried
home; neither did the apothecary, who arrived about the same time, think
it at all advisable. After sitting a little while with Jane, on Miss
Bingley's appearance and invitation, the mother and three daughters all
attended her into the breakfast parlour. Bingley met them with hopes
that Mrs. Bennet had not found Miss Bennet worse than she expected.

“Indeed I have, sir,” was her answer. “She is a great deal too ill to be
moved. Mr. Jones says we must not think of moving her. We must trespass
a little longer on your kindness.”

“Removed!” cried Bingley. “It must not be thought of. My sister, I am
sure, will not hear of her removal.”

“You may depend upon it, Madam,” said Miss Bingley, with cold civility,
“that Miss Bennet will receive every possible attention while she
remains with us.”

Mrs. Bennet was profuse in her acknowledgments.

“I am sure,” she added, “if it was not for such good friends I do not
know what would become of her, for she is very ill indeed, and suffers
a vast deal, though with the greatest patience in the world, which is
always the way with her, for she has, without exception, the sweetest
temper I have ever met with. I often tell my other girls they are
nothing to _her_. You have a sweet room here, Mr. Bingley, and a
charming prospect over the gravel walk. I do not know a place in the
country that is equal to Netherfield. You will not think of quitting it
in a hurry, I hope, though you have but a short lease.”

“Whatever I do is done in a hurry,” replied he; “and therefore if I
should resolve to quit Netherfield, I should probably be off in five
minutes. At present, however, I consider myself as quite fixed here.”

“That is exactly what I should have supposed of you,” said Elizabeth.

“You begin to comprehend me, do you?” cried he, turning towards her.

“Oh! yes--I understand you perfectly.”

“I wish I might take this for a compliment; but to be so easily seen
through I am afraid is pitiful.”

“That is as it happens. It does not follow that a deep, intricate
character is more or less estimable than such a one as yours.”

“Lizzy,” cried her mother, “remember where you are, and do not run on in
the wild manner that you are suffered to do at home.”

“I did not know before,” continued Bingley immediately, “that you were a
studier of character. It must be an amusing study.”

“Yes, but intricate characters are the _most_ amusing. They have at
least that advantage.”

“The country,” said Darcy, “can in general supply but a few subjects for
such a study. In a country neighbourhood you move in a very confined and
unvarying society.”

“But people themselves alter so much, that there is something new to be
observed in them for ever.”

“Yes, indeed,” cried Mrs. Bennet, offended by his manner of mentioning
a country neighbourhood. “I assure you there is quite as much of _that_
going on in the country as in town.”

Everybody was surprised, and Darcy, after looking at her for a moment,
turned silently away. Mrs. Bennet, who fancied she had gained a complete
victory over him, continued her triumph.

“I cannot see that London has any great advantage over the country, for
my part, except the shops and public places. The country is a vast deal
pleasanter, is it not, Mr. Bingley?”

“When I am in the country,” he replied, “I never wish to leave it;
and when I am in town it is pretty much the same. They have each their
advantages, and I can be equally happy in either.”

“Aye--that is because you have the right disposition. But that
gentleman,” looking at Darcy, “seemed to think the country was nothing
at all.”

“Indeed, Mamma, you are mistaken,” said Elizabeth, blushing for her
mother. “You quite mistook Mr. Darcy. He only meant that there was not
such a variety of people to be met with in the country as in the town,
which you must acknowledge to be true.”

“Certainly, my dear, nobody said there were; but as to not meeting
with many people in this neighbourhood, I believe there are few
neighbourhoods larger. I know we dine with four-and-twenty families.”

Nothing but concern for Elizabeth could enable Bingley to keep his
countenance. His sister was less delicate, and directed her eyes towards
Mr. Darcy with a very expressive smile. Elizabeth, for the sake of
saying something that might turn her mother's thoughts, now asked her if
Charlotte Lucas had been at Longbourn since _her_ coming away.

“Yes, she called yesterday with her father. What an agreeable man Sir
William is, Mr. Bingley, is not he? So much the man of fashion! So
genteel and easy! He has always something to say to everybody. _That_
is my idea of good breeding; and those persons who fancy themselves very
important, and never open their mouths, quite mistake the matter.”

“Did Charlotte dine with you?”

“No, she would go home. I fancy she was wanted about the mince-pies. For
my part, Mr. Bingley, I always keep servants that can do their own work;
_my_ daughters are brought up very differently. But everybody is to
judge for themselves, and the Lucases are a very good sort of girls,
I assure you. It is a pity they are not handsome! Not that I think
Charlotte so _very_ plain--but then she is our particular friend.”

“She seems a very pleasant young woman.”

“Oh! dear, yes; but you must own she is very plain. Lady Lucas herself
has often said so, and envied me Jane's beauty. I do not like to boast
of my own child, but to be sure, Jane--one does not often see anybody
better looking. It is what everybody says. I do not trust my own
partiality. When she was only fifteen, there was a man at my brother
Gardiner's in town so much in love with her that my sister-in-law was
sure he would make her an offer before we came away. But, however, he
did not. Perhaps he thought her too young. However, he wrote some verses
on her, and very pretty they were.”

“And so ended his affection,” said Elizabeth impatiently. “There has
been many a one, I fancy, overcome in the same way. I wonder who first
discovered the efficacy of poetry in driving away love!”

“I have been used to consider poetry as the _food_ of love,” said Darcy.

“Of a fine, stout, healthy love it may. Everything nourishes what is
strong already. But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I
am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.”

Darcy only smiled; and the general pause which ensued made Elizabeth
tremble lest her mother should be exposing herself again. She longed to
speak, but could think of nothing to say; and after a short silence Mrs.
Bennet began repeating her thanks to Mr. Bingley for his kindness to
Jane, with an apology for troubling him also with Lizzy. Mr. Bingley was
unaffectedly civil in his answer, and forced his younger sister to be
civil also, and say what the occasion required. She performed her part
indeed without much graciousness, but Mrs. Bennet was satisfied, and
soon afterwards ordered her carriage. Upon this signal, the youngest of
her daughters put herself forward. The two girls had been whispering to
each other during the whole visit, and the result of it was, that the
youngest should tax Mr. Bingley with having promised on his first coming
into the country to give a ball at Netherfield.

Lydia was a stout, well-grown girl of fifteen, with a fine complexion
and good-humoured countenance; a favourite with her mother, whose
affection had brought her into public at an early age. She had high
animal spirits, and a sort of natural self-consequence, which the
attention of the officers, to whom her uncle's good dinners, and her own
easy manners recommended her, had increased into assurance. She was very
equal, therefore, to address Mr. Bingley on the subject of the ball, and
abruptly reminded him of his promise; adding, that it would be the most
shameful thing in the world if he did not keep it. His answer to this
sudden attack was delightful to their mother's ear:

“I am perfectly ready, I assure you, to keep my engagement; and when
your sister is recovered, you shall, if you please, name the very day of
the ball. But you would not wish to be dancing when she is ill.”

Lydia declared herself satisfied. “Oh! yes--it would be much better to
wait till Jane was well, and by that time most likely Captain Carter
would be at Meryton again. And when you have given _your_ ball,” she
added, “I shall insist on their giving one also. I shall tell Colonel
Forster it will be quite a shame if he does not.”

Mrs. Bennet and her daughters then departed, and Elizabeth returned
instantly to Jane, leaving her own and her relations' behaviour to the
remarks of the two ladies and Mr. Darcy; the latter of whom, however,
could not be prevailed on to join in their censure of _her_, in spite of
all Miss Bingley's witticisms on _fine eyes_.



Chapter 10


The day passed much as the day before had done. Mrs. Hurst and Miss
Bingley had spent some hours of the morning with the invalid, who
continued, though slowly, to mend; and in the evening Elizabeth joined
their party in the drawing-room. The loo-table, however, did not appear.
Mr. Darcy was writing, and Miss Bingley, seated near him, was watching
the progress of his letter and repeatedly calling off his attention by
messages to his sister. Mr. Hurst and Mr. Bingley were at piquet, and
Mrs. Hurst was observing their game.

Elizabeth took up some needlework, and was sufficiently amused in
attending to what passed between Darcy and his companion. The perpetual
commendations of the lady, either on his handwriting, or on the evenness
of his lines, or on the length of his letter, with the perfect unconcern
with which her praises were received, formed a curious dialogue, and was
exactly in union with her opinion of each.

“How delighted Miss Darcy will be to receive such a letter!”

He made no answer.

“You write uncommonly fast.”

“You are mistaken. I write rather slowly.”

“How many letters you must have occasion to write in the course of a
year! Letters of business, too! How odious I should think them!”

“It is fortunate, then, that they fall to my lot instead of yours.”

“Pray tell your sister that I long to see her.”

“I have already told her so once, by your desire.”

“I am afraid you do not like your pen. Let me mend it for you. I mend
pens remarkably well.”

“Thank you--but I always mend my own.”

“How can you contrive to write so even?”

He was silent.

“Tell your sister I am delighted to hear of her improvement on the harp;
and pray let her know that I am quite in raptures with her beautiful
little design for a table, and I think it infinitely superior to Miss
Grantley's.”

“Will you give me leave to defer your raptures till I write again? At
present I have not room to do them justice.”

“Oh! it is of no consequence. I shall see her in January. But do you
always write such charming long letters to her, Mr. Darcy?”

“They are generally long; but whether always charming it is not for me
to determine.”

“It is a rule with me, that a person who can write a long letter with
ease, cannot write ill.”

“That will not do for a compliment to Darcy, Caroline,” cried her
brother, “because he does _not_ write with ease. He studies too much for
words of four syllables. Do not you, Darcy?”

“My style of writing is very different from yours.”

“Oh!” cried Miss Bingley, “Charles writes in the most careless way
imaginable. He leaves out half his words, and blots the rest.”

“My ideas flow so rapidly that I have not time to express them--by which
means my letters sometimes convey no ideas at all to my correspondents.”

“Your humility, Mr. Bingley,” said Elizabeth, “must disarm reproof.”

“Nothing is more deceitful,” said Darcy, “than the appearance of
humility. It is often only carelessness of opinion, and sometimes an
indirect boast.”

“And which of the two do you call _my_ little recent piece of modesty?”

“The indirect boast; for you are really proud of your defects in
writing, because you consider them as proceeding from a rapidity of
thought and carelessness of execution, which, if not estimable, you
think at least highly interesting. The power of doing anything with
quickness is always prized much by the possessor, and often without any
attention to the imperfection of the performance. When you told Mrs.
Bennet this morning that if you ever resolved upon quitting Netherfield
you should be gone in five minutes, you meant it to be a sort of
panegyric, of compliment to yourself--and yet what is there so very
laudable in a precipitance which must leave very necessary business
undone, and can be of no real advantage to yourself or anyone else?”

“Nay,” cried Bingley, “this is too much, to remember at night all the
foolish things that were said in the morning. And yet, upon my honour,
I believe what I said of myself to be true, and I believe it at this
moment. At least, therefore, I did not assume the character of needless
precipitance merely to show off before the ladies.”

“I dare say you believed it; but I am by no means convinced that
you would be gone with such celerity. Your conduct would be quite as
dependent on chance as that of any man I know; and if, as you were
mounting your horse, a friend were to say, 'Bingley, you had better
stay till next week,' you would probably do it, you would probably not
go--and at another word, might stay a month.”

“You have only proved by this,” cried Elizabeth, “that Mr. Bingley did
not do justice to his own disposition. You have shown him off now much
more than he did himself.”

“I am exceedingly gratified,” said Bingley, “by your converting what my
friend says into a compliment on the sweetness of my temper. But I am
afraid you are giving it a turn which that gentleman did by no means
intend; for he would certainly think better of me, if under such a
circumstance I were to give a flat denial, and ride off as fast as I
could.”

“Would Mr. Darcy then consider the rashness of your original intentions
as atoned for by your obstinacy in adhering to it?”

“Upon my word, I cannot exactly explain the matter; Darcy must speak for
himself.”

“You expect me to account for opinions which you choose to call mine,
but which I have never acknowledged. Allowing the case, however, to
stand according to your representation, you must remember, Miss Bennet,
that the friend who is supposed to desire his return to the house, and
the delay of his plan, has merely desired it, asked it without offering
one argument in favour of its propriety.”

“To yield readily--easily--to the _persuasion_ of a friend is no merit
with you.”

“To yield without conviction is no compliment to the understanding of
either.”

“You appear to me, Mr. Darcy, to allow nothing for the influence of
friendship and affection. A regard for the requester would often make
one readily yield to a request, without waiting for arguments to reason
one into it. I am not particularly speaking of such a case as you have
supposed about Mr. Bingley. We may as well wait, perhaps, till the
circumstance occurs before we discuss the discretion of his behaviour
thereupon. But in general and ordinary cases between friend and friend,
where one of them is desired by the other to change a resolution of no
very great moment, should you think ill of that person for complying
with the desire, without waiting to be argued into it?”

“Will it not be advisable, before we proceed on this subject, to
arrange with rather more precision the degree of importance which is to
appertain to this request, as well as the degree of intimacy subsisting
between the parties?”

“By all means,” cried Bingley; “let us hear all the particulars, not
forgetting their comparative height and size; for that will have more
weight in the argument, Miss Bennet, than you may be aware of. I assure
you, that if Darcy were not such a great tall fellow, in comparison with
myself, I should not pay him half so much deference. I declare I do not
know a more awful object than Darcy, on particular occasions, and in
particular places; at his own house especially, and of a Sunday evening,
when he has nothing to do.”

Mr. Darcy smiled; but Elizabeth thought she could perceive that he was
rather offended, and therefore checked her laugh. Miss Bingley warmly
resented the indignity he had received, in an expostulation with her
brother for talking such nonsense.

“I see your design, Bingley,” said his friend. “You dislike an argument,
and want to silence this.”

“Perhaps I do. Arguments are too much like disputes. If you and Miss
Bennet will defer yours till I am out of the room, I shall be very
thankful; and then you may say whatever you like of me.”

“What you ask,” said Elizabeth, “is no sacrifice on my side; and Mr.
Darcy had much better finish his letter.”

Mr. Darcy took her advice, and did finish his letter.

When that business was over, he applied to Miss Bingley and Elizabeth
for an indulgence of some music. Miss Bingley moved with some alacrity
to the pianoforte; and, after a polite request that Elizabeth would lead
the way which the other as politely and more earnestly negatived, she
seated herself.

Mrs. Hurst sang with her sister, and while they were thus employed,
Elizabeth could not help observing, as she turned over some music-books
that lay on the instrument, how frequently Mr. Darcy's eyes were fixed
on her. She hardly knew how to suppose that she could be an object of
admiration to so great a man; and yet that he should look at her
because he disliked her, was still more strange. She could only imagine,
however, at last that she drew his notice because there was something
more wrong and reprehensible, according to his ideas of right, than in
any other person present. The supposition did not pain her. She liked
him too little to care for his approbation.

After playing some Italian songs, Miss Bingley varied the charm by
a lively Scotch air; and soon afterwards Mr. Darcy, drawing near
Elizabeth, said to her:

“Do not you feel a great inclination, Miss Bennet, to seize such an
opportunity of dancing a reel?”

She smiled, but made no answer. He repeated the question, with some
surprise at her silence.

“Oh!” said she, “I heard you before, but I could not immediately
determine what to say in reply. You wanted me, I know, to say 'Yes,'
that you might have the pleasure of despising my taste; but I always
delight in overthrowing those kind of schemes, and cheating a person of
their premeditated contempt. I have, therefore, made up my mind to tell
you, that I do not want to dance a reel at all--and now despise me if
you dare.”

“Indeed I do not dare.”

Elizabeth, having rather expected to affront him, was amazed at his
gallantry; but there was a mixture of sweetness and archness in her
manner which made it difficult for her to affront anybody; and Darcy
had never been so bewitched by any woman as he was by her. He really
believed, that were it not for the inferiority of her connections, he
should be in some danger.

Miss Bingley saw, or suspected enough to be jealous; and her great
anxiety for the recovery of her dear friend Jane received some
assistance from her desire of getting rid of Elizabeth.

She often tried to provoke Darcy into disliking her guest, by talking of
their supposed marriage, and planning his happiness in such an alliance.

“I hope,” said she, as they were walking together in the shrubbery
the next day, “you will give your mother-in-law a few hints, when this
desirable event takes place, as to the advantage of holding her tongue;
and if you can compass it, do cure the younger girls of running after
officers. And, if I may mention so delicate a subject, endeavour to
check that little something, bordering on conceit and impertinence,
which your lady possesses.”

“Have you anything else to propose for my domestic felicity?”

“Oh! yes. Do let the portraits of your uncle and aunt Phillips be placed
in the gallery at Pemberley. Put them next to your great-uncle the
judge. They are in the same profession, you know, only in different
lines. As for your Elizabeth's picture, you must not have it taken, for
what painter could do justice to those beautiful eyes?”

“It would not be easy, indeed, to catch their expression, but their
colour and shape, and the eyelashes, so remarkably fine, might be
copied.”

At that moment they were met from another walk by Mrs. Hurst and
Elizabeth herself.

“I did not know that you intended to walk,” said Miss Bingley, in some
confusion, lest they had been overheard.

“You used us abominably ill,” answered Mrs. Hurst, “running away without
telling us that you were coming out.”

Then taking the disengaged arm of Mr. Darcy, she left Elizabeth to walk
by herself. The path just admitted three. Mr. Darcy felt their rudeness,
and immediately said:

“This walk is not wide enough for our party. We had better go into the
avenue.”

But Elizabeth, who had not the least inclination to remain with them,
laughingly answered:

“No, no; stay where you are. You are charmingly grouped, and appear
to uncommon advantage. The picturesque would be spoilt by admitting a
fourth. Good-bye.”

She then ran gaily off, rejoicing as she rambled about, in the hope of
being at home again in a day or two. Jane was already so much recovered
as to intend leaving her room for a couple of hours that evening.



Chapter 11


When the ladies removed after dinner, Elizabeth ran up to her
sister, and seeing her well guarded from cold, attended her into the
drawing-room, where she was welcomed by her two friends with many
professions of pleasure; and Elizabeth had never seen them so agreeable
as they were during the hour which passed before the gentlemen appeared.
Their powers of conversation were considerable. They could describe an
entertainment with accuracy, relate an anecdote with humour, and laugh
at their acquaintance with spirit.

But when the gentlemen entered, Jane was no longer the first object;
Miss Bingley's eyes were instantly turned toward Darcy, and she had
something to say to him before he had advanced many steps. He addressed
himself to Miss Bennet, with a polite congratulation; Mr. Hurst also
made her a slight bow, and said he was “very glad;” but diffuseness
and warmth remained for Bingley's salutation. He was full of joy and
attention. The first half-hour was spent in piling up the fire, lest she
should suffer from the change of room; and she removed at his desire
to the other side of the fireplace, that she might be further from
the door. He then sat down by her, and talked scarcely to anyone
else. Elizabeth, at work in the opposite corner, saw it all with great
delight.

When tea was over, Mr. Hurst reminded his sister-in-law of the
card-table--but in vain. She had obtained private intelligence that Mr.
Darcy did not wish for cards; and Mr. Hurst soon found even his open
petition rejected. She assured him that no one intended to play, and
the silence of the whole party on the subject seemed to justify her. Mr.
Hurst had therefore nothing to do, but to stretch himself on one of the
sofas and go to sleep. Darcy took up a book; Miss Bingley did the same;
and Mrs. Hurst, principally occupied in playing with her bracelets
and rings, joined now and then in her brother's conversation with Miss
Bennet.

Miss Bingley's attention was quite as much engaged in watching Mr.
Darcy's progress through _his_ book, as in reading her own; and she
was perpetually either making some inquiry, or looking at his page. She
could not win him, however, to any conversation; he merely answered her
question, and read on. At length, quite exhausted by the attempt to be
amused with her own book, which she had only chosen because it was the
second volume of his, she gave a great yawn and said, “How pleasant
it is to spend an evening in this way! I declare after all there is no
enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of anything than of a
book! When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not
an excellent library.”

No one made any reply. She then yawned again, threw aside her book, and
cast her eyes round the room in quest for some amusement; when hearing
her brother mentioning a ball to Miss Bennet, she turned suddenly
towards him and said:

“By the bye, Charles, are you really serious in meditating a dance at
Netherfield? I would advise you, before you determine on it, to consult
the wishes of the present party; I am much mistaken if there are
not some among us to whom a ball would be rather a punishment than a
pleasure.”

“If you mean Darcy,” cried her brother, “he may go to bed, if he
chooses, before it begins--but as for the ball, it is quite a settled
thing; and as soon as Nicholls has made white soup enough, I shall send
round my cards.”

“I should like balls infinitely better,” she replied, “if they were
carried on in a different manner; but there is something insufferably
tedious in the usual process of such a meeting. It would surely be much
more rational if conversation instead of dancing were made the order of
the day.”

“Much more rational, my dear Caroline, I dare say, but it would not be
near so much like a ball.”

Miss Bingley made no answer, and soon afterwards she got up and walked
about the room. Her figure was elegant, and she walked well; but
Darcy, at whom it was all aimed, was still inflexibly studious. In
the desperation of her feelings, she resolved on one effort more, and,
turning to Elizabeth, said:

“Miss Eliza Bennet, let me persuade you to follow my example, and take a
turn about the room. I assure you it is very refreshing after sitting so
long in one attitude.”

Elizabeth was surprised, but agreed to it immediately. Miss Bingley
succeeded no less in the real object of her civility; Mr. Darcy looked
up. He was as much awake to the novelty of attention in that quarter as
Elizabeth herself could be, and unconsciously closed his book. He was
directly invited to join their party, but he declined it, observing that
he could imagine but two motives for their choosing to walk up and down
the room together, with either of which motives his joining them would
interfere. “What could he mean? She was dying to know what could be his
meaning?”--and asked Elizabeth whether she could at all understand him?

“Not at all,” was her answer; “but depend upon it, he means to be severe
on us, and our surest way of disappointing him will be to ask nothing
about it.”

Miss Bingley, however, was incapable of disappointing Mr. Darcy in
anything, and persevered therefore in requiring an explanation of his
two motives.

“I have not the smallest objection to explaining them,” said he, as soon
as she allowed him to speak. “You either choose this method of passing
the evening because you are in each other's confidence, and have secret
affairs to discuss, or because you are conscious that your figures
appear to the greatest advantage in walking; if the first, I would be
completely in your way, and if the second, I can admire you much better
as I sit by the fire.”

“Oh! shocking!” cried Miss Bingley. “I never heard anything so
abominable. How shall we punish him for such a speech?”

“Nothing so easy, if you have but the inclination,” said Elizabeth. “We
can all plague and punish one another. Tease him--laugh at him. Intimate
as you are, you must know how it is to be done.”

“But upon my honour, I do _not_. I do assure you that my intimacy has
not yet taught me _that_. Tease calmness of manner and presence of
mind! No, no; I feel he may defy us there. And as to laughter, we will
not expose ourselves, if you please, by attempting to laugh without a
subject. Mr. Darcy may hug himself.”

“Mr. Darcy is not to be laughed at!” cried Elizabeth. “That is an
uncommon advantage, and uncommon I hope it will continue, for it would
be a great loss to _me_ to have many such acquaintances. I dearly love a
laugh.”

“Miss Bingley,” said he, “has given me more credit than can be.
The wisest and the best of men--nay, the wisest and best of their
actions--may be rendered ridiculous by a person whose first object in
life is a joke.”

“Certainly,” replied Elizabeth--“there are such people, but I hope I
am not one of _them_. I hope I never ridicule what is wise and good.
Follies and nonsense, whims and inconsistencies, _do_ divert me, I own,
and I laugh at them whenever I can. But these, I suppose, are precisely
what you are without.”

“Perhaps that is not possible for anyone. But it has been the study
of my life to avoid those weaknesses which often expose a strong
understanding to ridicule.”

“Such as vanity and pride.”

“Yes, vanity is a weakness indeed. But pride--where there is a real
superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation.”

Elizabeth turned away to hide a smile.

“Your examination of Mr. Darcy is over, I presume,” said Miss Bingley;
“and pray what is the result?”

“I am perfectly convinced by it that Mr. Darcy has no defect. He owns it
himself without disguise.”

“No,” said Darcy, “I have made no such pretension. I have faults enough,
but they are not, I hope, of understanding. My temper I dare not vouch
for. It is, I believe, too little yielding--certainly too little for the
convenience of the world. I cannot forget the follies and vices of others
so soon as I ought, nor their offenses against myself. My feelings
are not puffed about with every attempt to move them. My temper
would perhaps be called resentful. My good opinion once lost, is lost
forever.”

“_That_ is a failing indeed!” cried Elizabeth. “Implacable resentment
_is_ a shade in a character. But you have chosen your fault well. I
really cannot _laugh_ at it. You are safe from me.”

“There is, I believe, in every disposition a tendency to some particular
evil--a natural defect, which not even the best education can overcome.”

“And _your_ defect is to hate everybody.”

“And yours,” he replied with a smile, “is willfully to misunderstand
them.”

“Do let us have a little music,” cried Miss Bingley, tired of a
conversation in which she had no share. “Louisa, you will not mind my
waking Mr. Hurst?”

Her sister had not the smallest objection, and the pianoforte was
opened; and Darcy, after a few moments' recollection, was not sorry for
it. He began to feel the danger of paying Elizabeth too much attention.



Chapter 12


In consequence of an agreement between the sisters, Elizabeth wrote the
next morning to their mother, to beg that the carriage might be sent for
them in the course of the day. But Mrs. Bennet, who had calculated on
her daughters remaining at Netherfield till the following Tuesday, which
would exactly finish Jane's week, could not bring herself to receive
them with pleasure before. Her answer, therefore, was not propitious, at
least not to Elizabeth's wishes, for she was impatient to get home. Mrs.
Bennet sent them word that they could not possibly have the carriage
before Tuesday; and in her postscript it was added, that if Mr. Bingley
and his sister pressed them to stay longer, she could spare them
very well. Against staying longer, however, Elizabeth was positively
resolved--nor did she much expect it would be asked; and fearful, on the
contrary, as being considered as intruding themselves needlessly long,
she urged Jane to borrow Mr. Bingley's carriage immediately, and at
length it was settled that their original design of leaving Netherfield
that morning should be mentioned, and the request made.

The communication excited many professions of concern; and enough was
said of wishing them to stay at least till the following day to work
on Jane; and till the morrow their going was deferred. Miss Bingley was
then sorry that she had proposed the delay, for her jealousy and dislike
of one sister much exceeded her affection for the other.

The master of the house heard with real sorrow that they were to go so
soon, and repeatedly tried to persuade Miss Bennet that it would not be
safe for her--that she was not enough recovered; but Jane was firm where
she felt herself to be right.

To Mr. Darcy it was welcome intelligence--Elizabeth had been at
Netherfield long enough. She attracted him more than he liked--and Miss
Bingley was uncivil to _her_, and more teasing than usual to himself.
He wisely resolved to be particularly careful that no sign of admiration
should _now_ escape him, nothing that could elevate her with the hope
of influencing his felicity; sensible that if such an idea had been
suggested, his behaviour during the last day must have material weight
in confirming or crushing it. Steady to his purpose, he scarcely spoke
ten words to her through the whole of Saturday, and though they were
at one time left by themselves for half-an-hour, he adhered most
conscientiously to his book, and would not even look at her.

On Sunday, after morning service, the separation, so agreeable to almost
all, took place. Miss Bingley's civility to Elizabeth increased at last
very rapidly, as well as her affection for Jane; and when they parted,
after assuring the latter of the pleasure it would always give her
to see her either at Longbourn or Netherfield, and embracing her most
tenderly, she even shook hands with the former. Elizabeth took leave of
the whole party in the liveliest of spirits.

They were not welcomed home very cordially by their mother. Mrs. Bennet
wondered at their coming, and thought them very wrong to give so much
trouble, and was sure Jane would have caught cold again. But their
father, though very laconic in his expressions of pleasure, was really
glad to see them; he had felt their importance in the family circle. The
evening conversation, when they were all assembled, had lost much of
its animation, and almost all its sense by the absence of Jane and
Elizabeth.

They found Mary, as usual, deep in the study of thorough-bass and human
nature; and had some extracts to admire, and some new observations of
threadbare morality to listen to. Catherine and Lydia had information
for them of a different sort. Much had been done and much had been said
in the regiment since the preceding Wednesday; several of the officers
had dined lately with their uncle, a private had been flogged, and it
had actually been hinted that Colonel Forster was going to be married.



Chapter 13


“I hope, my dear,” said Mr. Bennet to his wife, as they were at
breakfast the next morning, “that you have ordered a good dinner to-day,
because I have reason to expect an addition to our family party.”

“Who do you mean, my dear? I know of nobody that is coming, I am sure,
unless Charlotte Lucas should happen to call in--and I hope _my_ dinners
are good enough for her. I do not believe she often sees such at home.”

“The person of whom I speak is a gentleman, and a stranger.”

Mrs. Bennet's eyes sparkled. “A gentleman and a stranger! It is Mr.
Bingley, I am sure! Well, I am sure I shall be extremely glad to see Mr.
Bingley. But--good Lord! how unlucky! There is not a bit of fish to be
got to-day. Lydia, my love, ring the bell--I must speak to Hill this
moment.”

“It is _not_ Mr. Bingley,” said her husband; “it is a person whom I
never saw in the whole course of my life.”

This roused a general astonishment; and he had the pleasure of being
eagerly questioned by his wife and his five daughters at once.

After amusing himself some time with their curiosity, he thus explained:

“About a month ago I received this letter; and about a fortnight ago
I answered it, for I thought it a case of some delicacy, and requiring
early attention. It is from my cousin, Mr. Collins, who, when I am dead,
may turn you all out of this house as soon as he pleases.”

“Oh! my dear,” cried his wife, “I cannot bear to hear that mentioned.
Pray do not talk of that odious man. I do think it is the hardest thing
in the world, that your estate should be entailed away from your own
children; and I am sure, if I had been you, I should have tried long ago
to do something or other about it.”

Jane and Elizabeth tried to explain to her the nature of an entail. They
had often attempted to do it before, but it was a subject on which
Mrs. Bennet was beyond the reach of reason, and she continued to rail
bitterly against the cruelty of settling an estate away from a family of
five daughters, in favour of a man whom nobody cared anything about.

“It certainly is a most iniquitous affair,” said Mr. Bennet, “and
nothing can clear Mr. Collins from the guilt of inheriting Longbourn.
But if you will listen to his letter, you may perhaps be a little
softened by his manner of expressing himself.”

“No, that I am sure I shall not; and I think it is very impertinent of
him to write to you at all, and very hypocritical. I hate such false
friends. Why could he not keep on quarreling with you, as his father did
before him?”

“Why, indeed; he does seem to have had some filial scruples on that
head, as you will hear.”

“Hunsford, near Westerham, Kent, 15th October.

“Dear Sir,--

“The disagreement subsisting between yourself and my late honoured
father always gave me much uneasiness, and since I have had the
misfortune to lose him, I have frequently wished to heal the breach; but
for some time I was kept back by my own doubts, fearing lest it might
seem disrespectful to his memory for me to be on good terms with anyone
with whom it had always pleased him to be at variance.--'There, Mrs.
Bennet.'--My mind, however, is now made up on the subject, for having
received ordination at Easter, I have been so fortunate as to be
distinguished by the patronage of the Right Honourable Lady Catherine de
Bourgh, widow of Sir Lewis de Bourgh, whose bounty and beneficence has
preferred me to the valuable rectory of this parish, where it shall be
my earnest endeavour to demean myself with grateful respect towards her
ladyship, and be ever ready to perform those rites and ceremonies which
are instituted by the Church of England. As a clergyman, moreover, I
feel it my duty to promote and establish the blessing of peace in
all families within the reach of my influence; and on these grounds I
flatter myself that my present overtures are highly commendable, and
that the circumstance of my being next in the entail of Longbourn estate
will be kindly overlooked on your side, and not lead you to reject the
offered olive-branch. I cannot be otherwise than concerned at being the
means of injuring your amiable daughters, and beg leave to apologise for
it, as well as to assure you of my readiness to make them every possible
amends--but of this hereafter. If you should have no objection to
receive me into your house, I propose myself the satisfaction of waiting
on you and your family, Monday, November 18th, by four o'clock, and
shall probably trespass on your hospitality till the Saturday se'ennight
following, which I can do without any inconvenience, as Lady Catherine
is far from objecting to my occasional absence on a Sunday, provided
that some other clergyman is engaged to do the duty of the day.--I
remain, dear sir, with respectful compliments to your lady and
daughters, your well-wisher and friend,

“WILLIAM COLLINS”

“At four o'clock, therefore, we may expect this peace-making gentleman,”
 said Mr. Bennet, as he folded up the letter. “He seems to be a most
conscientious and polite young man, upon my word, and I doubt not will
prove a valuable acquaintance, especially if Lady Catherine should be so
indulgent as to let him come to us again.”

“There is some sense in what he says about the girls, however, and if
he is disposed to make them any amends, I shall not be the person to
discourage him.”

“Though it is difficult,” said Jane, “to guess in what way he can mean
to make us the atonement he thinks our due, the wish is certainly to his
credit.”

Elizabeth was chiefly struck by his extraordinary deference for Lady
Catherine, and his kind intention of christening, marrying, and burying
his parishioners whenever it were required.

“He must be an oddity, I think,” said she. “I cannot make him
out.--There is something very pompous in his style.--And what can he
mean by apologising for being next in the entail?--We cannot suppose he
would help it if he could.--Could he be a sensible man, sir?”

“No, my dear, I think not. I have great hopes of finding him quite the
reverse. There is a mixture of servility and self-importance in his
letter, which promises well. I am impatient to see him.”

“In point of composition,” said Mary, “the letter does not seem
defective. The idea of the olive-branch perhaps is not wholly new, yet I
think it is well expressed.”

To Catherine and Lydia, neither the letter nor its writer were in any
degree interesting. It was next to impossible that their cousin should
come in a scarlet coat, and it was now some weeks since they had
received pleasure from the society of a man in any other colour. As for
their mother, Mr. Collins's letter had done away much of her ill-will,
and she was preparing to see him with a degree of composure which
astonished her husband and daughters.

Mr. Collins was punctual to his time, and was received with great
politeness by the whole family. Mr. Bennet indeed said little; but the
ladies were ready enough to talk, and Mr. Collins seemed neither in
need of encouragement, nor inclined to be silent himself. He was a
tall, heavy-looking young man of five-and-twenty. His air was grave and
stately, and his manners were very formal. He had not been long seated
before he complimented Mrs. Bennet on having so fine a family of
daughters; said he had heard much of their beauty, but that in this
instance fame had fallen short of the truth; and added, that he did
not doubt her seeing them all in due time disposed of in marriage. This
gallantry was not much to the taste of some of his hearers; but Mrs.
Bennet, who quarreled with no compliments, answered most readily.

“You are very kind, I am sure; and I wish with all my heart it may
prove so, for else they will be destitute enough. Things are settled so
oddly.”

“You allude, perhaps, to the entail of this estate.”

“Ah! sir, I do indeed. It is a grievous affair to my poor girls, you
must confess. Not that I mean to find fault with _you_, for such things
I know are all chance in this world. There is no knowing how estates
will go when once they come to be entailed.”

“I am very sensible, madam, of the hardship to my fair cousins, and
could say much on the subject, but that I am cautious of appearing
forward and precipitate. But I can assure the young ladies that I come
prepared to admire them. At present I will not say more; but, perhaps,
when we are better acquainted--”

He was interrupted by a summons to dinner; and the girls smiled on each
other. They were not the only objects of Mr. Collins's admiration. The
hall, the dining-room, and all its furniture, were examined and praised;
and his commendation of everything would have touched Mrs. Bennet's
heart, but for the mortifying supposition of his viewing it all as his
own future property. The dinner too in its turn was highly admired; and
he begged to know to which of his fair cousins the excellency of its
cooking was owing. But he was set right there by Mrs. Bennet, who
assured him with some asperity that they were very well able to keep a
good cook, and that her daughters had nothing to do in the kitchen. He
begged pardon for having displeased her. In a softened tone she declared
herself not at all offended; but he continued to apologise for about a
quarter of an hour.



Chapter 14


During dinner, Mr. Bennet scarcely spoke at all; but when the servants
were withdrawn, he thought it time to have some conversation with his
guest, and therefore started a subject in which he expected him to
shine, by observing that he seemed very fortunate in his patroness. Lady
Catherine de Bourgh's attention to his wishes, and consideration for
his comfort, appeared very remarkable. Mr. Bennet could not have chosen
better. Mr. Collins was eloquent in her praise. The subject elevated him
to more than usual solemnity of manner, and with a most important aspect
he protested that “he had never in his life witnessed such behaviour in
a person of rank--such affability and condescension, as he had himself
experienced from Lady Catherine. She had been graciously pleased to
approve of both of the discourses which he had already had the honour of
preaching before her. She had also asked him twice to dine at Rosings,
and had sent for him only the Saturday before, to make up her pool of
quadrille in the evening. Lady Catherine was reckoned proud by many
people he knew, but _he_ had never seen anything but affability in her.
She had always spoken to him as she would to any other gentleman; she
made not the smallest objection to his joining in the society of the
neighbourhood nor to his leaving the parish occasionally for a week or
two, to visit his relations. She had even condescended to advise him to
marry as soon as he could, provided he chose with discretion; and had
once paid him a visit in his humble parsonage, where she had perfectly
approved all the alterations he had been making, and had even vouchsafed
to suggest some herself--some shelves in the closet up stairs.”

“That is all very proper and civil, I am sure,” said Mrs. Bennet, “and
I dare say she is a very agreeable woman. It is a pity that great ladies
in general are not more like her. Does she live near you, sir?”

“The garden in which stands my humble abode is separated only by a lane
from Rosings Park, her ladyship's residence.”

“I think you said she was a widow, sir? Has she any family?”

“She has only one daughter, the heiress of Rosings, and of very
extensive property.”

“Ah!” said Mrs. Bennet, shaking her head, “then she is better off than
many girls. And what sort of young lady is she? Is she handsome?”

“She is a most charming young lady indeed. Lady Catherine herself says
that, in point of true beauty, Miss de Bourgh is far superior to the
handsomest of her sex, because there is that in her features which marks
the young lady of distinguished birth. She is unfortunately of a sickly
constitution, which has prevented her from making that progress in many
accomplishments which she could not have otherwise failed of, as I am
informed by the lady who superintended her education, and who still
resides with them. But she is perfectly amiable, and often condescends
to drive by my humble abode in her little phaeton and ponies.”

“Has she been presented? I do not remember her name among the ladies at
court.”

“Her indifferent state of health unhappily prevents her being in town;
and by that means, as I told Lady Catherine one day, has deprived the
British court of its brightest ornament. Her ladyship seemed pleased
with the idea; and you may imagine that I am happy on every occasion to
offer those little delicate compliments which are always acceptable
to ladies. I have more than once observed to Lady Catherine, that
her charming daughter seemed born to be a duchess, and that the most
elevated rank, instead of giving her consequence, would be adorned by
her. These are the kind of little things which please her ladyship, and
it is a sort of attention which I conceive myself peculiarly bound to
pay.”

“You judge very properly,” said Mr. Bennet, “and it is happy for you
that you possess the talent of flattering with delicacy. May I ask
whether these pleasing attentions proceed from the impulse of the
moment, or are the result of previous study?”

“They arise chiefly from what is passing at the time, and though I
sometimes amuse myself with suggesting and arranging such little elegant
compliments as may be adapted to ordinary occasions, I always wish to
give them as unstudied an air as possible.”

Mr. Bennet's expectations were fully answered. His cousin was as absurd
as he had hoped, and he listened to him with the keenest enjoyment,
maintaining at the same time the most resolute composure of countenance,
and, except in an occasional glance at Elizabeth, requiring no partner
in his pleasure.

By tea-time, however, the dose had been enough, and Mr. Bennet was glad
to take his guest into the drawing-room again, and, when tea was over,
glad to invite him to read aloud to the ladies. Mr. Collins readily
assented, and a book was produced; but, on beholding it (for everything
announced it to be from a circulating library), he started back, and
begging pardon, protested that he never read novels. Kitty stared at
him, and Lydia exclaimed. Other books were produced, and after some
deliberation he chose Fordyce's Sermons. Lydia gaped as he opened the
volume, and before he had, with very monotonous solemnity, read three
pages, she interrupted him with:

“Do you know, mamma, that my uncle Phillips talks of turning away
Richard; and if he does, Colonel Forster will hire him. My aunt told me
so herself on Saturday. I shall walk to Meryton to-morrow to hear more
about it, and to ask when Mr. Denny comes back from town.”

Lydia was bid by her two eldest sisters to hold her tongue; but Mr.
Collins, much offended, laid aside his book, and said:

“I have often observed how little young ladies are interested by books
of a serious stamp, though written solely for their benefit. It amazes
me, I confess; for, certainly, there can be nothing so advantageous to
them as instruction. But I will no longer importune my young cousin.”

Then turning to Mr. Bennet, he offered himself as his antagonist at
backgammon. Mr. Bennet accepted the challenge, observing that he acted
very wisely in leaving the girls to their own trifling amusements.
Mrs. Bennet and her daughters apologised most civilly for Lydia's
interruption, and promised that it should not occur again, if he would
resume his book; but Mr. Collins, after assuring them that he bore his
young cousin no ill-will, and should never resent her behaviour as any
affront, seated himself at another table with Mr. Bennet, and prepared
for backgammon.



Chapter 15


Mr. Collins was not a sensible man, and the deficiency of nature had
been but little assisted by education or society; the greatest part
of his life having been spent under the guidance of an illiterate and
miserly father; and though he belonged to one of the universities, he
had merely kept the necessary terms, without forming at it any useful
acquaintance. The subjection in which his father had brought him up had
given him originally great humility of manner; but it was now a
good deal counteracted by the self-conceit of a weak head, living in
retirement, and the consequential feelings of early and unexpected
prosperity. A fortunate chance had recommended him to Lady Catherine de
Bourgh when the living of Hunsford was vacant; and the respect which
he felt for her high rank, and his veneration for her as his patroness,
mingling with a very good opinion of himself, of his authority as a
clergyman, and his right as a rector, made him altogether a mixture of
pride and obsequiousness, self-importance and humility.

Having now a good house and a very sufficient income, he intended to
marry; and in seeking a reconciliation with the Longbourn family he had
a wife in view, as he meant to choose one of the daughters, if he found
them as handsome and amiable as they were represented by common report.
This was his plan of amends--of atonement--for inheriting their father's
estate; and he thought it an excellent one, full of eligibility and
suitableness, and excessively generous and disinterested on his own
part.

His plan did not vary on seeing them. Miss Bennet's lovely face
confirmed his views, and established all his strictest notions of what
was due to seniority; and for the first evening _she_ was his settled
choice. The next morning, however, made an alteration; for in a
quarter of an hour's tete-a-tete with Mrs. Bennet before breakfast, a
conversation beginning with his parsonage-house, and leading naturally
to the avowal of his hopes, that a mistress might be found for it at
Longbourn, produced from her, amid very complaisant smiles and general
encouragement, a caution against the very Jane he had fixed on. “As to
her _younger_ daughters, she could not take upon her to say--she could
not positively answer--but she did not _know_ of any prepossession; her
_eldest_ daughter, she must just mention--she felt it incumbent on her
to hint, was likely to be very soon engaged.”

Mr. Collins had only to change from Jane to Elizabeth--and it was soon
done--done while Mrs. Bennet was stirring the fire. Elizabeth, equally
next to Jane in birth and beauty, succeeded her of course.

Mrs. Bennet treasured up the hint, and trusted that she might soon have
two daughters married; and the man whom she could not bear to speak of
the day before was now high in her good graces.

Lydia's intention of walking to Meryton was not forgotten; every sister
except Mary agreed to go with her; and Mr. Collins was to attend them,
at the request of Mr. Bennet, who was most anxious to get rid of him,
and have his library to himself; for thither Mr. Collins had followed
him after breakfast; and there he would continue, nominally engaged with
one of the largest folios in the collection, but really talking to Mr.
Bennet, with little cessation, of his house and garden at Hunsford. Such
doings discomposed Mr. Bennet exceedingly. In his library he had been
always sure of leisure and tranquillity; and though prepared, as he told
Elizabeth, to meet with folly and conceit in every other room of the
house, he was used to be free from them there; his civility, therefore,
was most prompt in inviting Mr. Collins to join his daughters in their
walk; and Mr. Collins, being in fact much better fitted for a walker
than a reader, was extremely pleased to close his large book, and go.

In pompous nothings on his side, and civil assents on that of his
cousins, their time passed till they entered Meryton. The attention of
the younger ones was then no longer to be gained by him. Their eyes were
immediately wandering up in the street in quest of the officers, and
nothing less than a very smart bonnet indeed, or a really new muslin in
a shop window, could recall them.

But the attention of every lady was soon caught by a young man, whom
they had never seen before, of most gentlemanlike appearance, walking
with another officer on the other side of the way. The officer was
the very Mr. Denny concerning whose return from London Lydia came
to inquire, and he bowed as they passed. All were struck with the
stranger's air, all wondered who he could be; and Kitty and Lydia,
determined if possible to find out, led the way across the street, under
pretense of wanting something in an opposite shop, and fortunately
had just gained the pavement when the two gentlemen, turning back, had
reached the same spot. Mr. Denny addressed them directly, and entreated
permission to introduce his friend, Mr. Wickham, who had returned with
him the day before from town, and he was happy to say had accepted a
commission in their corps. This was exactly as it should be; for the
young man wanted only regimentals to make him completely charming.
His appearance was greatly in his favour; he had all the best part of
beauty, a fine countenance, a good figure, and very pleasing address.
The introduction was followed up on his side by a happy readiness
of conversation--a readiness at the same time perfectly correct and
unassuming; and the whole party were still standing and talking together
very agreeably, when the sound of horses drew their notice, and Darcy
and Bingley were seen riding down the street. On distinguishing the
ladies of the group, the two gentlemen came directly towards them, and
began the usual civilities. Bingley was the principal spokesman, and
Miss Bennet the principal object. He was then, he said, on his way to
Longbourn on purpose to inquire after her. Mr. Darcy corroborated
it with a bow, and was beginning to determine not to fix his eyes
on Elizabeth, when they were suddenly arrested by the sight of the
stranger, and Elizabeth happening to see the countenance of both as they
looked at each other, was all astonishment at the effect of the meeting.
Both changed colour, one looked white, the other red. Mr. Wickham,
after a few moments, touched his hat--a salutation which Mr. Darcy just
deigned to return. What could be the meaning of it? It was impossible to
imagine; it was impossible not to long to know.

In another minute, Mr. Bingley, but without seeming to have noticed what
passed, took leave and rode on with his friend.

Mr. Denny and Mr. Wickham walked with the young ladies to the door of
Mr. Phillip's house, and then made their bows, in spite of Miss Lydia's
pressing entreaties that they should come in, and even in spite of
Mrs. Phillips's throwing up the parlour window and loudly seconding the
invitation.

Mrs. Phillips was always glad to see her nieces; and the two eldest,
from their recent absence, were particularly welcome, and she was
eagerly expressing her surprise at their sudden return home, which, as
their own carriage had not fetched them, she should have known nothing
about, if she had not happened to see Mr. Jones's shop-boy in the
street, who had told her that they were not to send any more draughts to
Netherfield because the Miss Bennets were come away, when her civility
was claimed towards Mr. Collins by Jane's introduction of him. She
received him with her very best politeness, which he returned with
as much more, apologising for his intrusion, without any previous
acquaintance with her, which he could not help flattering himself,
however, might be justified by his relationship to the young ladies who
introduced him to her notice. Mrs. Phillips was quite awed by such an
excess of good breeding; but her contemplation of one stranger was soon
put to an end by exclamations and inquiries about the other; of whom,
however, she could only tell her nieces what they already knew, that
Mr. Denny had brought him from London, and that he was to have a
lieutenant's commission in the ----shire. She had been watching him the
last hour, she said, as he walked up and down the street, and had Mr.
Wickham appeared, Kitty and Lydia would certainly have continued the
occupation, but unluckily no one passed windows now except a few of the
officers, who, in comparison with the stranger, were become “stupid,
disagreeable fellows.” Some of them were to dine with the Phillipses
the next day, and their aunt promised to make her husband call on Mr.
Wickham, and give him an invitation also, if the family from Longbourn
would come in the evening. This was agreed to, and Mrs. Phillips
protested that they would have a nice comfortable noisy game of lottery
tickets, and a little bit of hot supper afterwards. The prospect of such
delights was very cheering, and they parted in mutual good spirits. Mr.
Collins repeated his apologies in quitting the room, and was assured
with unwearying civility that they were perfectly needless.

As they walked home, Elizabeth related to Jane what she had seen pass
between the two gentlemen; but though Jane would have defended either
or both, had they appeared to be in the wrong, she could no more explain
such behaviour than her sister.

Mr. Collins on his return highly gratified Mrs. Bennet by admiring
Mrs. Phillips's manners and politeness. He protested that, except Lady
Catherine and her daughter, he had never seen a more elegant woman;
for she had not only received him with the utmost civility, but even
pointedly included him in her invitation for the next evening, although
utterly unknown to her before. Something, he supposed, might be
attributed to his connection with them, but yet he had never met with so
much attention in the whole course of his life.



Chapter 16


As no objection was made to the young people's engagement with their
aunt, and all Mr. Collins's scruples of leaving Mr. and Mrs. Bennet for
a single evening during his visit were most steadily resisted, the coach
conveyed him and his five cousins at a suitable hour to Meryton; and
the girls had the pleasure of hearing, as they entered the drawing-room,
that Mr. Wickham had accepted their uncle's invitation, and was then in
the house.

When this information was given, and they had all taken their seats, Mr.
Collins was at leisure to look around him and admire, and he was so much
struck with the size and furniture of the apartment, that he declared he
might almost have supposed himself in the small summer breakfast
parlour at Rosings; a comparison that did not at first convey much
gratification; but when Mrs. Phillips understood from him what
Rosings was, and who was its proprietor--when she had listened to the
description of only one of Lady Catherine's drawing-rooms, and found
that the chimney-piece alone had cost eight hundred pounds, she felt all
the force of the compliment, and would hardly have resented a comparison
with the housekeeper's room.

In describing to her all the grandeur of Lady Catherine and her mansion,
with occasional digressions in praise of his own humble abode, and
the improvements it was receiving, he was happily employed until the
gentlemen joined them; and he found in Mrs. Phillips a very attentive
listener, whose opinion of his consequence increased with what she
heard, and who was resolving to retail it all among her neighbours as
soon as she could. To the girls, who could not listen to their cousin,
and who had nothing to do but to wish for an instrument, and examine
their own indifferent imitations of china on the mantelpiece, the
interval of waiting appeared very long. It was over at last, however.
The gentlemen did approach, and when Mr. Wickham walked into the room,
Elizabeth felt that she had neither been seeing him before, nor thinking
of him since, with the smallest degree of unreasonable admiration.
The officers of the ----shire were in general a very creditable,
gentlemanlike set, and the best of them were of the present party; but
Mr. Wickham was as far beyond them all in person, countenance, air, and
walk, as _they_ were superior to the broad-faced, stuffy uncle Phillips,
breathing port wine, who followed them into the room.

Mr. Wickham was the happy man towards whom almost every female eye was
turned, and Elizabeth was the happy woman by whom he finally seated
himself; and the agreeable manner in which he immediately fell into
conversation, though it was only on its being a wet night, made her feel
that the commonest, dullest, most threadbare topic might be rendered
interesting by the skill of the speaker.

With such rivals for the notice of the fair as Mr. Wickham and the
officers, Mr. Collins seemed to sink into insignificance; to the young
ladies he certainly was nothing; but he had still at intervals a kind
listener in Mrs. Phillips, and was by her watchfulness, most abundantly
supplied with coffee and muffin. When the card-tables were placed, he
had the opportunity of obliging her in turn, by sitting down to whist.

“I know little of the game at present,” said he, “but I shall be glad
to improve myself, for in my situation in life--” Mrs. Phillips was very
glad for his compliance, but could not wait for his reason.

Mr. Wickham did not play at whist, and with ready delight was he
received at the other table between Elizabeth and Lydia. At first there
seemed danger of Lydia's engrossing him entirely, for she was a most
determined talker; but being likewise extremely fond of lottery tickets,
she soon grew too much interested in the game, too eager in making bets
and exclaiming after prizes to have attention for anyone in particular.
Allowing for the common demands of the game, Mr. Wickham was therefore
at leisure to talk to Elizabeth, and she was very willing to hear
him, though what she chiefly wished to hear she could not hope to be
told--the history of his acquaintance with Mr. Darcy. She dared not
even mention that gentleman. Her curiosity, however, was unexpectedly
relieved. Mr. Wickham began the subject himself. He inquired how far
Netherfield was from Meryton; and, after receiving her answer, asked in
a hesitating manner how long Mr. Darcy had been staying there.

“About a month,” said Elizabeth; and then, unwilling to let the subject
drop, added, “He is a man of very large property in Derbyshire, I
understand.”

“Yes,” replied Mr. Wickham; “his estate there is a noble one. A clear
ten thousand per annum. You could not have met with a person more
capable of giving you certain information on that head than myself, for
I have been connected with his family in a particular manner from my
infancy.”

Elizabeth could not but look surprised.

“You may well be surprised, Miss Bennet, at such an assertion, after
seeing, as you probably might, the very cold manner of our meeting
yesterday. Are you much acquainted with Mr. Darcy?”

“As much as I ever wish to be,” cried Elizabeth very warmly. “I have
spent four days in the same house with him, and I think him very
disagreeable.”

“I have no right to give _my_ opinion,” said Wickham, “as to his being
agreeable or otherwise. I am not qualified to form one. I have known him
too long and too well to be a fair judge. It is impossible for _me_
to be impartial. But I believe your opinion of him would in general
astonish--and perhaps you would not express it quite so strongly
anywhere else. Here you are in your own family.”

“Upon my word, I say no more _here_ than I might say in any house in
the neighbourhood, except Netherfield. He is not at all liked in
Hertfordshire. Everybody is disgusted with his pride. You will not find
him more favourably spoken of by anyone.”

“I cannot pretend to be sorry,” said Wickham, after a short
interruption, “that he or that any man should not be estimated beyond
their deserts; but with _him_ I believe it does not often happen. The
world is blinded by his fortune and consequence, or frightened by his
high and imposing manners, and sees him only as he chooses to be seen.”

“I should take him, even on _my_ slight acquaintance, to be an
ill-tempered man.” Wickham only shook his head.

“I wonder,” said he, at the next opportunity of speaking, “whether he is
likely to be in this country much longer.”

“I do not at all know; but I _heard_ nothing of his going away when I
was at Netherfield. I hope your plans in favour of the ----shire will
not be affected by his being in the neighbourhood.”

“Oh! no--it is not for _me_ to be driven away by Mr. Darcy. If _he_
wishes to avoid seeing _me_, he must go. We are not on friendly terms,
and it always gives me pain to meet him, but I have no reason for
avoiding _him_ but what I might proclaim before all the world, a sense
of very great ill-usage, and most painful regrets at his being what he
is. His father, Miss Bennet, the late Mr. Darcy, was one of the best men
that ever breathed, and the truest friend I ever had; and I can never
be in company with this Mr. Darcy without being grieved to the soul by
a thousand tender recollections. His behaviour to myself has been
scandalous; but I verily believe I could forgive him anything and
everything, rather than his disappointing the hopes and disgracing the
memory of his father.”

Elizabeth found the interest of the subject increase, and listened with
all her heart; but the delicacy of it prevented further inquiry.

Mr. Wickham began to speak on more general topics, Meryton, the
neighbourhood, the society, appearing highly pleased with all that
he had yet seen, and speaking of the latter with gentle but very
intelligible gallantry.

“It was the prospect of constant society, and good society,” he added,
“which was my chief inducement to enter the ----shire. I knew it to be
a most respectable, agreeable corps, and my friend Denny tempted me
further by his account of their present quarters, and the very great
attentions and excellent acquaintances Meryton had procured them.
Society, I own, is necessary to me. I have been a disappointed man, and
my spirits will not bear solitude. I _must_ have employment and society.
A military life is not what I was intended for, but circumstances have
now made it eligible. The church _ought_ to have been my profession--I
was brought up for the church, and I should at this time have been in
possession of a most valuable living, had it pleased the gentleman we
were speaking of just now.”

“Indeed!”

“Yes--the late Mr. Darcy bequeathed me the next presentation of the best
living in his gift. He was my godfather, and excessively attached to me.
I cannot do justice to his kindness. He meant to provide for me amply,
and thought he had done it; but when the living fell, it was given
elsewhere.”

“Good heavens!” cried Elizabeth; “but how could _that_ be? How could his
will be disregarded? Why did you not seek legal redress?”

“There was just such an informality in the terms of the bequest as to
give me no hope from law. A man of honour could not have doubted the
intention, but Mr. Darcy chose to doubt it--or to treat it as a merely
conditional recommendation, and to assert that I had forfeited all claim
to it by extravagance, imprudence--in short anything or nothing. Certain
it is, that the living became vacant two years ago, exactly as I was
of an age to hold it, and that it was given to another man; and no
less certain is it, that I cannot accuse myself of having really done
anything to deserve to lose it. I have a warm, unguarded temper, and
I may have spoken my opinion _of_ him, and _to_ him, too freely. I can
recall nothing worse. But the fact is, that we are very different sort
of men, and that he hates me.”

“This is quite shocking! He deserves to be publicly disgraced.”

“Some time or other he _will_ be--but it shall not be by _me_. Till I
can forget his father, I can never defy or expose _him_.”

Elizabeth honoured him for such feelings, and thought him handsomer than
ever as he expressed them.

“But what,” said she, after a pause, “can have been his motive? What can
have induced him to behave so cruelly?”

“A thorough, determined dislike of me--a dislike which I cannot but
attribute in some measure to jealousy. Had the late Mr. Darcy liked me
less, his son might have borne with me better; but his father's uncommon
attachment to me irritated him, I believe, very early in life. He had
not a temper to bear the sort of competition in which we stood--the sort
of preference which was often given me.”

“I had not thought Mr. Darcy so bad as this--though I have never liked
him. I had not thought so very ill of him. I had supposed him to be
despising his fellow-creatures in general, but did not suspect him of
descending to such malicious revenge, such injustice, such inhumanity as
this.”

After a few minutes' reflection, however, she continued, “I _do_
remember his boasting one day, at Netherfield, of the implacability of
his resentments, of his having an unforgiving temper. His disposition
must be dreadful.”

“I will not trust myself on the subject,” replied Wickham; “I can hardly
be just to him.”

Elizabeth was again deep in thought, and after a time exclaimed, “To
treat in such a manner the godson, the friend, the favourite of his
father!” She could have added, “A young man, too, like _you_, whose very
countenance may vouch for your being amiable”--but she contented herself
with, “and one, too, who had probably been his companion from childhood,
connected together, as I think you said, in the closest manner!”

“We were born in the same parish, within the same park; the greatest
part of our youth was passed together; inmates of the same house,
sharing the same amusements, objects of the same parental care. _My_
father began life in the profession which your uncle, Mr. Phillips,
appears to do so much credit to--but he gave up everything to be of
use to the late Mr. Darcy and devoted all his time to the care of the
Pemberley property. He was most highly esteemed by Mr. Darcy, a most
intimate, confidential friend. Mr. Darcy often acknowledged himself to
be under the greatest obligations to my father's active superintendence,
and when, immediately before my father's death, Mr. Darcy gave him a
voluntary promise of providing for me, I am convinced that he felt it to
be as much a debt of gratitude to _him_, as of his affection to myself.”

“How strange!” cried Elizabeth. “How abominable! I wonder that the very
pride of this Mr. Darcy has not made him just to you! If from no better
motive, that he should not have been too proud to be dishonest--for
dishonesty I must call it.”

“It _is_ wonderful,” replied Wickham, “for almost all his actions may
be traced to pride; and pride had often been his best friend. It has
connected him nearer with virtue than with any other feeling. But we are
none of us consistent, and in his behaviour to me there were stronger
impulses even than pride.”

“Can such abominable pride as his have ever done him good?”

“Yes. It has often led him to be liberal and generous, to give his money
freely, to display hospitality, to assist his tenants, and relieve the
poor. Family pride, and _filial_ pride--for he is very proud of what
his father was--have done this. Not to appear to disgrace his family,
to degenerate from the popular qualities, or lose the influence of the
Pemberley House, is a powerful motive. He has also _brotherly_ pride,
which, with _some_ brotherly affection, makes him a very kind and
careful guardian of his sister, and you will hear him generally cried up
as the most attentive and best of brothers.”

“What sort of girl is Miss Darcy?”

He shook his head. “I wish I could call her amiable. It gives me pain to
speak ill of a Darcy. But she is too much like her brother--very, very
proud. As a child, she was affectionate and pleasing, and extremely fond
of me; and I have devoted hours and hours to her amusement. But she is
nothing to me now. She is a handsome girl, about fifteen or sixteen,
and, I understand, highly accomplished. Since her father's death, her
home has been London, where a lady lives with her, and superintends her
education.”

After many pauses and many trials of other subjects, Elizabeth could not
help reverting once more to the first, and saying:

“I am astonished at his intimacy with Mr. Bingley! How can Mr. Bingley,
who seems good humour itself, and is, I really believe, truly amiable,
be in friendship with such a man? How can they suit each other? Do you
know Mr. Bingley?”

“Not at all.”

“He is a sweet-tempered, amiable, charming man. He cannot know what Mr.
Darcy is.”

“Probably not; but Mr. Darcy can please where he chooses. He does not
want abilities. He can be a conversible companion if he thinks it worth
his while. Among those who are at all his equals in consequence, he is
a very different man from what he is to the less prosperous. His
pride never deserts him; but with the rich he is liberal-minded, just,
sincere, rational, honourable, and perhaps agreeable--allowing something
for fortune and figure.”

The whist party soon afterwards breaking up, the players gathered round
the other table and Mr. Collins took his station between his cousin
Elizabeth and Mrs. Phillips. The usual inquiries as to his success were
made by the latter. It had not been very great; he had lost every
point; but when Mrs. Phillips began to express her concern thereupon,
he assured her with much earnest gravity that it was not of the least
importance, that he considered the money as a mere trifle, and begged
that she would not make herself uneasy.

“I know very well, madam,” said he, “that when persons sit down to a
card-table, they must take their chances of these things, and happily I
am not in such circumstances as to make five shillings any object. There
are undoubtedly many who could not say the same, but thanks to Lady
Catherine de Bourgh, I am removed far beyond the necessity of regarding
little matters.”

Mr. Wickham's attention was caught; and after observing Mr. Collins for
a few moments, he asked Elizabeth in a low voice whether her relation
was very intimately acquainted with the family of de Bourgh.

“Lady Catherine de Bourgh,” she replied, “has very lately given him
a living. I hardly know how Mr. Collins was first introduced to her
notice, but he certainly has not known her long.”

“You know of course that Lady Catherine de Bourgh and Lady Anne Darcy
were sisters; consequently that she is aunt to the present Mr. Darcy.”

“No, indeed, I did not. I knew nothing at all of Lady Catherine's
connections. I never heard of her existence till the day before
yesterday.”

“Her daughter, Miss de Bourgh, will have a very large fortune, and it is
believed that she and her cousin will unite the two estates.”

This information made Elizabeth smile, as she thought of poor Miss
Bingley. Vain indeed must be all her attentions, vain and useless her
affection for his sister and her praise of himself, if he were already
self-destined for another.

“Mr. Collins,” said she, “speaks highly both of Lady Catherine and her
daughter; but from some particulars that he has related of her ladyship,
I suspect his gratitude misleads him, and that in spite of her being his
patroness, she is an arrogant, conceited woman.”

“I believe her to be both in a great degree,” replied Wickham; “I have
not seen her for many years, but I very well remember that I never liked
her, and that her manners were dictatorial and insolent. She has the
reputation of being remarkably sensible and clever; but I rather believe
she derives part of her abilities from her rank and fortune, part from
her authoritative manner, and the rest from the pride for her
nephew, who chooses that everyone connected with him should have an
understanding of the first class.”

Elizabeth allowed that he had given a very rational account of it, and
they continued talking together, with mutual satisfaction till supper
put an end to cards, and gave the rest of the ladies their share of Mr.
Wickham's attentions. There could be no conversation in the noise
of Mrs. Phillips's supper party, but his manners recommended him to
everybody. Whatever he said, was said well; and whatever he did, done
gracefully. Elizabeth went away with her head full of him. She could
think of nothing but of Mr. Wickham, and of what he had told her, all
the way home; but there was not time for her even to mention his name
as they went, for neither Lydia nor Mr. Collins were once silent. Lydia
talked incessantly of lottery tickets, of the fish she had lost and the
fish she had won; and Mr. Collins in describing the civility of Mr. and
Mrs. Phillips, protesting that he did not in the least regard his losses
at whist, enumerating all the dishes at supper, and repeatedly fearing
that he crowded his cousins, had more to say than he could well manage
before the carriage stopped at Longbourn House.



Chapter 17


Elizabeth related to Jane the next day what had passed between Mr.
Wickham and herself. Jane listened with astonishment and concern; she
knew not how to believe that Mr. Darcy could be so unworthy of Mr.
Bingley's regard; and yet, it was not in her nature to question the
veracity of a young man of such amiable appearance as Wickham. The
possibility of his having endured such unkindness, was enough to
interest all her tender feelings; and nothing remained therefore to be
done, but to think well of them both, to defend the conduct of each,
and throw into the account of accident or mistake whatever could not be
otherwise explained.

“They have both,” said she, “been deceived, I dare say, in some way
or other, of which we can form no idea. Interested people have perhaps
misrepresented each to the other. It is, in short, impossible for us to
conjecture the causes or circumstances which may have alienated them,
without actual blame on either side.”

“Very true, indeed; and now, my dear Jane, what have you got to say on
behalf of the interested people who have probably been concerned in the
business? Do clear _them_ too, or we shall be obliged to think ill of
somebody.”

“Laugh as much as you choose, but you will not laugh me out of my
opinion. My dearest Lizzy, do but consider in what a disgraceful light
it places Mr. Darcy, to be treating his father's favourite in such
a manner, one whom his father had promised to provide for. It is
impossible. No man of common humanity, no man who had any value for his
character, could be capable of it. Can his most intimate friends be so
excessively deceived in him? Oh! no.”

“I can much more easily believe Mr. Bingley's being imposed on, than
that Mr. Wickham should invent such a history of himself as he gave me
last night; names, facts, everything mentioned without ceremony. If it
be not so, let Mr. Darcy contradict it. Besides, there was truth in his
looks.”

“It is difficult indeed--it is distressing. One does not know what to
think.”

“I beg your pardon; one knows exactly what to think.”

But Jane could think with certainty on only one point--that Mr. Bingley,
if he _had_ been imposed on, would have much to suffer when the affair
became public.

The two young ladies were summoned from the shrubbery, where this
conversation passed, by the arrival of the very persons of whom they had
been speaking; Mr. Bingley and his sisters came to give their personal
invitation for the long-expected ball at Netherfield, which was fixed
for the following Tuesday. The two ladies were delighted to see their
dear friend again, called it an age since they had met, and repeatedly
asked what she had been doing with herself since their separation. To
the rest of the family they paid little attention; avoiding Mrs. Bennet
as much as possible, saying not much to Elizabeth, and nothing at all to
the others. They were soon gone again, rising from their seats with an
activity which took their brother by surprise, and hurrying off as if
eager to escape from Mrs. Bennet's civilities.

The prospect of the Netherfield ball was extremely agreeable to every
female of the family. Mrs. Bennet chose to consider it as given in
compliment to her eldest daughter, and was particularly flattered
by receiving the invitation from Mr. Bingley himself, instead of a
ceremonious card. Jane pictured to herself a happy evening in the
society of her two friends, and the attentions of their brother; and
Elizabeth thought with pleasure of dancing a great deal with Mr.
Wickham, and of seeing a confirmation of everything in Mr. Darcy's look
and behaviour. The happiness anticipated by Catherine and Lydia depended
less on any single event, or any particular person, for though they
each, like Elizabeth, meant to dance half the evening with Mr. Wickham,
he was by no means the only partner who could satisfy them, and a ball
was, at any rate, a ball. And even Mary could assure her family that she
had no disinclination for it.

“While I can have my mornings to myself,” said she, “it is enough--I
think it is no sacrifice to join occasionally in evening engagements.
Society has claims on us all; and I profess myself one of those
who consider intervals of recreation and amusement as desirable for
everybody.”

Elizabeth's spirits were so high on this occasion, that though she did
not often speak unnecessarily to Mr. Collins, she could not help asking
him whether he intended to accept Mr. Bingley's invitation, and if
he did, whether he would think it proper to join in the evening's
amusement; and she was rather surprised to find that he entertained no
scruple whatever on that head, and was very far from dreading a rebuke
either from the Archbishop, or Lady Catherine de Bourgh, by venturing to
dance.

“I am by no means of the opinion, I assure you,” said he, “that a ball
of this kind, given by a young man of character, to respectable people,
can have any evil tendency; and I am so far from objecting to dancing
myself, that I shall hope to be honoured with the hands of all my fair
cousins in the course of the evening; and I take this opportunity of
soliciting yours, Miss Elizabeth, for the two first dances especially,
a preference which I trust my cousin Jane will attribute to the right
cause, and not to any disrespect for her.”

Elizabeth felt herself completely taken in. She had fully proposed being
engaged by Mr. Wickham for those very dances; and to have Mr. Collins
instead! her liveliness had never been worse timed. There was no help
for it, however. Mr. Wickham's happiness and her own were perforce
delayed a little longer, and Mr. Collins's proposal accepted with as
good a grace as she could. She was not the better pleased with his
gallantry from the idea it suggested of something more. It now first
struck her, that _she_ was selected from among her sisters as worthy
of being mistress of Hunsford Parsonage, and of assisting to form a
quadrille table at Rosings, in the absence of more eligible visitors.
The idea soon reached to conviction, as she observed his increasing
civilities toward herself, and heard his frequent attempt at a
compliment on her wit and vivacity; and though more astonished than
gratified herself by this effect of her charms, it was not long before
her mother gave her to understand that the probability of their marriage
was extremely agreeable to _her_. Elizabeth, however, did not choose
to take the hint, being well aware that a serious dispute must be the
consequence of any reply. Mr. Collins might never make the offer, and
till he did, it was useless to quarrel about him.

If there had not been a Netherfield ball to prepare for and talk of, the
younger Miss Bennets would have been in a very pitiable state at this
time, for from the day of the invitation, to the day of the ball, there
was such a succession of rain as prevented their walking to Meryton
once. No aunt, no officers, no news could be sought after--the very
shoe-roses for Netherfield were got by proxy. Even Elizabeth might have
found some trial of her patience in weather which totally suspended the
improvement of her acquaintance with Mr. Wickham; and nothing less than
a dance on Tuesday, could have made such a Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and
Monday endurable to Kitty and Lydia.



Chapter 18


Till Elizabeth entered the drawing-room at Netherfield, and looked in
vain for Mr. Wickham among the cluster of red coats there assembled, a
doubt of his being present had never occurred to her. The certainty
of meeting him had not been checked by any of those recollections that
might not unreasonably have alarmed her. She had dressed with more than
usual care, and prepared in the highest spirits for the conquest of all
that remained unsubdued of his heart, trusting that it was not more than
might be won in the course of the evening. But in an instant arose
the dreadful suspicion of his being purposely omitted for Mr. Darcy's
pleasure in the Bingleys' invitation to the officers; and though
this was not exactly the case, the absolute fact of his absence was
pronounced by his friend Denny, to whom Lydia eagerly applied, and who
told them that Wickham had been obliged to go to town on business the
day before, and was not yet returned; adding, with a significant smile,
“I do not imagine his business would have called him away just now, if
he had not wanted to avoid a certain gentleman here.”

This part of his intelligence, though unheard by Lydia, was caught by
Elizabeth, and, as it assured her that Darcy was not less answerable for
Wickham's absence than if her first surmise had been just, every
feeling of displeasure against the former was so sharpened by immediate
disappointment, that she could hardly reply with tolerable civility to
the polite inquiries which he directly afterwards approached to make.
Attendance, forbearance, patience with Darcy, was injury to Wickham. She
was resolved against any sort of conversation with him, and turned away
with a degree of ill-humour which she could not wholly surmount even in
speaking to Mr. Bingley, whose blind partiality provoked her.

But Elizabeth was not formed for ill-humour; and though every prospect
of her own was destroyed for the evening, it could not dwell long on her
spirits; and having told all her griefs to Charlotte Lucas, whom she had
not seen for a week, she was soon able to make a voluntary transition
to the oddities of her cousin, and to point him out to her particular
notice. The first two dances, however, brought a return of distress;
they were dances of mortification. Mr. Collins, awkward and solemn,
apologising instead of attending, and often moving wrong without being
aware of it, gave her all the shame and misery which a disagreeable
partner for a couple of dances can give. The moment of her release from
him was ecstasy.

She danced next with an officer, and had the refreshment of talking of
Wickham, and of hearing that he was universally liked. When those dances
were over, she returned to Charlotte Lucas, and was in conversation with
her, when she found herself suddenly addressed by Mr. Darcy who took
her so much by surprise in his application for her hand, that,
without knowing what she did, she accepted him. He walked away again
immediately, and she was left to fret over her own want of presence of
mind; Charlotte tried to console her:

“I dare say you will find him very agreeable.”

“Heaven forbid! _That_ would be the greatest misfortune of all! To find
a man agreeable whom one is determined to hate! Do not wish me such an
evil.”

When the dancing recommenced, however, and Darcy approached to claim her
hand, Charlotte could not help cautioning her in a whisper, not to be a
simpleton, and allow her fancy for Wickham to make her appear unpleasant
in the eyes of a man ten times his consequence. Elizabeth made no
answer, and took her place in the set, amazed at the dignity to which
she was arrived in being allowed to stand opposite to Mr. Darcy, and
reading in her neighbours' looks, their equal amazement in beholding
it. They stood for some time without speaking a word; and she began to
imagine that their silence was to last through the two dances, and at
first was resolved not to break it; till suddenly fancying that it would
be the greater punishment to her partner to oblige him to talk, she made
some slight observation on the dance. He replied, and was again
silent. After a pause of some minutes, she addressed him a second time
with:--“It is _your_ turn to say something now, Mr. Darcy. I talked
about the dance, and _you_ ought to make some sort of remark on the size
of the room, or the number of couples.”

He smiled, and assured her that whatever she wished him to say should be
said.

“Very well. That reply will do for the present. Perhaps by and by I may
observe that private balls are much pleasanter than public ones. But
_now_ we may be silent.”

“Do you talk by rule, then, while you are dancing?”

“Sometimes. One must speak a little, you know. It would look odd to be
entirely silent for half an hour together; and yet for the advantage of
_some_, conversation ought to be so arranged, as that they may have the
trouble of saying as little as possible.”

“Are you consulting your own feelings in the present case, or do you
imagine that you are gratifying mine?”

“Both,” replied Elizabeth archly; “for I have always seen a great
similarity in the turn of our minds. We are each of an unsocial,
taciturn disposition, unwilling to speak, unless we expect to say
something that will amaze the whole room, and be handed down to
posterity with all the eclat of a proverb.”

“This is no very striking resemblance of your own character, I am sure,”
 said he. “How near it may be to _mine_, I cannot pretend to say. _You_
think it a faithful portrait undoubtedly.”

“I must not decide on my own performance.”

He made no answer, and they were again silent till they had gone down
the dance, when he asked her if she and her sisters did not very often
walk to Meryton. She answered in the affirmative, and, unable to resist
the temptation, added, “When you met us there the other day, we had just
been forming a new acquaintance.”

The effect was immediate. A deeper shade of _hauteur_ overspread his
features, but he said not a word, and Elizabeth, though blaming herself
for her own weakness, could not go on. At length Darcy spoke, and in a
constrained manner said, “Mr. Wickham is blessed with such happy manners
as may ensure his _making_ friends--whether he may be equally capable of
_retaining_ them, is less certain.”

“He has been so unlucky as to lose _your_ friendship,” replied Elizabeth
with emphasis, “and in a manner which he is likely to suffer from all
his life.”

Darcy made no answer, and seemed desirous of changing the subject. At
that moment, Sir William Lucas appeared close to them, meaning to pass
through the set to the other side of the room; but on perceiving Mr.
Darcy, he stopped with a bow of superior courtesy to compliment him on
his dancing and his partner.

“I have been most highly gratified indeed, my dear sir. Such very
superior dancing is not often seen. It is evident that you belong to the
first circles. Allow me to say, however, that your fair partner does not
disgrace you, and that I must hope to have this pleasure often repeated,
especially when a certain desirable event, my dear Eliza (glancing at
her sister and Bingley) shall take place. What congratulations will then
flow in! I appeal to Mr. Darcy:--but let me not interrupt you, sir. You
will not thank me for detaining you from the bewitching converse of that
young lady, whose bright eyes are also upbraiding me.”

The latter part of this address was scarcely heard by Darcy; but Sir
William's allusion to his friend seemed to strike him forcibly, and his
eyes were directed with a very serious expression towards Bingley and
Jane, who were dancing together. Recovering himself, however, shortly,
he turned to his partner, and said, “Sir William's interruption has made
me forget what we were talking of.”

“I do not think we were speaking at all. Sir William could not have
interrupted two people in the room who had less to say for themselves.
We have tried two or three subjects already without success, and what we
are to talk of next I cannot imagine.”

“What think you of books?” said he, smiling.

“Books--oh! no. I am sure we never read the same, or not with the same
feelings.”

“I am sorry you think so; but if that be the case, there can at least be
no want of subject. We may compare our different opinions.”

“No--I cannot talk of books in a ball-room; my head is always full of
something else.”

“The _present_ always occupies you in such scenes--does it?” said he,
with a look of doubt.

“Yes, always,” she replied, without knowing what she said, for her
thoughts had wandered far from the subject, as soon afterwards appeared
by her suddenly exclaiming, “I remember hearing you once say, Mr. Darcy,
that you hardly ever forgave, that your resentment once created was
unappeasable. You are very cautious, I suppose, as to its _being
created_.”

“I am,” said he, with a firm voice.

“And never allow yourself to be blinded by prejudice?”

“I hope not.”

“It is particularly incumbent on those who never change their opinion,
to be secure of judging properly at first.”

“May I ask to what these questions tend?”

“Merely to the illustration of _your_ character,” said she, endeavouring
to shake off her gravity. “I am trying to make it out.”

“And what is your success?”

She shook her head. “I do not get on at all. I hear such different
accounts of you as puzzle me exceedingly.”

“I can readily believe,” answered he gravely, “that reports may vary
greatly with respect to me; and I could wish, Miss Bennet, that you were
not to sketch my character at the present moment, as there is reason to
fear that the performance would reflect no credit on either.”

“But if I do not take your likeness now, I may never have another
opportunity.”

“I would by no means suspend any pleasure of yours,” he coldly replied.
She said no more, and they went down the other dance and parted in
silence; and on each side dissatisfied, though not to an equal degree,
for in Darcy's breast there was a tolerably powerful feeling towards
her, which soon procured her pardon, and directed all his anger against
another.

They had not long separated, when Miss Bingley came towards her, and
with an expression of civil disdain accosted her:

“So, Miss Eliza, I hear you are quite delighted with George Wickham!
Your sister has been talking to me about him, and asking me a thousand
questions; and I find that the young man quite forgot to tell you, among
his other communication, that he was the son of old Wickham, the late
Mr. Darcy's steward. Let me recommend you, however, as a friend, not to
give implicit confidence to all his assertions; for as to Mr. Darcy's
using him ill, it is perfectly false; for, on the contrary, he has
always been remarkably kind to him, though George Wickham has treated
Mr. Darcy in a most infamous manner. I do not know the particulars, but
I know very well that Mr. Darcy is not in the least to blame, that he
cannot bear to hear George Wickham mentioned, and that though my brother
thought that he could not well avoid including him in his invitation to
the officers, he was excessively glad to find that he had taken himself
out of the way. His coming into the country at all is a most insolent
thing, indeed, and I wonder how he could presume to do it. I pity you,
Miss Eliza, for this discovery of your favourite's guilt; but really,
considering his descent, one could not expect much better.”

“His guilt and his descent appear by your account to be the same,” said
Elizabeth angrily; “for I have heard you accuse him of nothing worse
than of being the son of Mr. Darcy's steward, and of _that_, I can
assure you, he informed me himself.”

“I beg your pardon,” replied Miss Bingley, turning away with a sneer.
“Excuse my interference--it was kindly meant.”

“Insolent girl!” said Elizabeth to herself. “You are much mistaken
if you expect to influence me by such a paltry attack as this. I see
nothing in it but your own wilful ignorance and the malice of Mr.
Darcy.” She then sought her eldest sister, who had undertaken to make
inquiries on the same subject of Bingley. Jane met her with a smile of
such sweet complacency, a glow of such happy expression, as sufficiently
marked how well she was satisfied with the occurrences of the evening.
Elizabeth instantly read her feelings, and at that moment solicitude for
Wickham, resentment against his enemies, and everything else, gave way
before the hope of Jane's being in the fairest way for happiness.

“I want to know,” said she, with a countenance no less smiling than her
sister's, “what you have learnt about Mr. Wickham. But perhaps you have
been too pleasantly engaged to think of any third person; in which case
you may be sure of my pardon.”

“No,” replied Jane, “I have not forgotten him; but I have nothing
satisfactory to tell you. Mr. Bingley does not know the whole of
his history, and is quite ignorant of the circumstances which have
principally offended Mr. Darcy; but he will vouch for the good conduct,
the probity, and honour of his friend, and is perfectly convinced that
Mr. Wickham has deserved much less attention from Mr. Darcy than he has
received; and I am sorry to say by his account as well as his sister's,
Mr. Wickham is by no means a respectable young man. I am afraid he has
been very imprudent, and has deserved to lose Mr. Darcy's regard.”

“Mr. Bingley does not know Mr. Wickham himself?”

“No; he never saw him till the other morning at Meryton.”

“This account then is what he has received from Mr. Darcy. I am
satisfied. But what does he say of the living?”

“He does not exactly recollect the circumstances, though he has heard
them from Mr. Darcy more than once, but he believes that it was left to
him _conditionally_ only.”

“I have not a doubt of Mr. Bingley's sincerity,” said Elizabeth warmly;
“but you must excuse my not being convinced by assurances only. Mr.
Bingley's defense of his friend was a very able one, I dare say; but
since he is unacquainted with several parts of the story, and has learnt
the rest from that friend himself, I shall venture to still think of
both gentlemen as I did before.”

She then changed the discourse to one more gratifying to each, and on
which there could be no difference of sentiment. Elizabeth listened with
delight to the happy, though modest hopes which Jane entertained of Mr.
Bingley's regard, and said all in her power to heighten her confidence
in it. On their being joined by Mr. Bingley himself, Elizabeth withdrew
to Miss Lucas; to whose inquiry after the pleasantness of her last
partner she had scarcely replied, before Mr. Collins came up to them,
and told her with great exultation that he had just been so fortunate as
to make a most important discovery.

“I have found out,” said he, “by a singular accident, that there is now
in the room a near relation of my patroness. I happened to overhear the
gentleman himself mentioning to the young lady who does the honours of
the house the names of his cousin Miss de Bourgh, and of her mother Lady
Catherine. How wonderfully these sort of things occur! Who would have
thought of my meeting with, perhaps, a nephew of Lady Catherine de
Bourgh in this assembly! I am most thankful that the discovery is made
in time for me to pay my respects to him, which I am now going to
do, and trust he will excuse my not having done it before. My total
ignorance of the connection must plead my apology.”

“You are not going to introduce yourself to Mr. Darcy!”

“Indeed I am. I shall entreat his pardon for not having done it earlier.
I believe him to be Lady Catherine's _nephew_. It will be in my power to
assure him that her ladyship was quite well yesterday se'nnight.”

Elizabeth tried hard to dissuade him from such a scheme, assuring him
that Mr. Darcy would consider his addressing him without introduction
as an impertinent freedom, rather than a compliment to his aunt; that
it was not in the least necessary there should be any notice on either
side; and that if it were, it must belong to Mr. Darcy, the superior in
consequence, to begin the acquaintance. Mr. Collins listened to her
with the determined air of following his own inclination, and, when she
ceased speaking, replied thus:

“My dear Miss Elizabeth, I have the highest opinion in the world in
your excellent judgement in all matters within the scope of your
understanding; but permit me to say, that there must be a wide
difference between the established forms of ceremony amongst the laity,
and those which regulate the clergy; for, give me leave to observe that
I consider the clerical office as equal in point of dignity with
the highest rank in the kingdom--provided that a proper humility of
behaviour is at the same time maintained. You must therefore allow me to
follow the dictates of my conscience on this occasion, which leads me to
perform what I look on as a point of duty. Pardon me for neglecting to
profit by your advice, which on every other subject shall be my constant
guide, though in the case before us I consider myself more fitted by
education and habitual study to decide on what is right than a young
lady like yourself.” And with a low bow he left her to attack Mr.
Darcy, whose reception of his advances she eagerly watched, and whose
astonishment at being so addressed was very evident. Her cousin prefaced
his speech with a solemn bow and though she could not hear a word of
it, she felt as if hearing it all, and saw in the motion of his lips the
words “apology,” “Hunsford,” and “Lady Catherine de Bourgh.” It vexed
her to see him expose himself to such a man. Mr. Darcy was eyeing him
with unrestrained wonder, and when at last Mr. Collins allowed him time
to speak, replied with an air of distant civility. Mr. Collins, however,
was not discouraged from speaking again, and Mr. Darcy's contempt seemed
abundantly increasing with the length of his second speech, and at the
end of it he only made him a slight bow, and moved another way. Mr.
Collins then returned to Elizabeth.

“I have no reason, I assure you,” said he, “to be dissatisfied with my
reception. Mr. Darcy seemed much pleased with the attention. He answered
me with the utmost civility, and even paid me the compliment of saying
that he was so well convinced of Lady Catherine's discernment as to be
certain she could never bestow a favour unworthily. It was really a very
handsome thought. Upon the whole, I am much pleased with him.”

As Elizabeth had no longer any interest of her own to pursue, she turned
her attention almost entirely on her sister and Mr. Bingley; and the
train of agreeable reflections which her observations gave birth to,
made her perhaps almost as happy as Jane. She saw her in idea settled in
that very house, in all the felicity which a marriage of true affection
could bestow; and she felt capable, under such circumstances, of
endeavouring even to like Bingley's two sisters. Her mother's thoughts
she plainly saw were bent the same way, and she determined not to
venture near her, lest she might hear too much. When they sat down to
supper, therefore, she considered it a most unlucky perverseness which
placed them within one of each other; and deeply was she vexed to find
that her mother was talking to that one person (Lady Lucas) freely,
openly, and of nothing else but her expectation that Jane would soon
be married to Mr. Bingley. It was an animating subject, and Mrs. Bennet
seemed incapable of fatigue while enumerating the advantages of the
match. His being such a charming young man, and so rich, and living but
three miles from them, were the first points of self-gratulation; and
then it was such a comfort to think how fond the two sisters were of
Jane, and to be certain that they must desire the connection as much as
she could do. It was, moreover, such a promising thing for her younger
daughters, as Jane's marrying so greatly must throw them in the way of
other rich men; and lastly, it was so pleasant at her time of life to be
able to consign her single daughters to the care of their sister, that
she might not be obliged to go into company more than she liked. It was
necessary to make this circumstance a matter of pleasure, because on
such occasions it is the etiquette; but no one was less likely than Mrs.
Bennet to find comfort in staying home at any period of her life. She
concluded with many good wishes that Lady Lucas might soon be equally
fortunate, though evidently and triumphantly believing there was no
chance of it.

In vain did Elizabeth endeavour to check the rapidity of her mother's
words, or persuade her to describe her felicity in a less audible
whisper; for, to her inexpressible vexation, she could perceive that the
chief of it was overheard by Mr. Darcy, who sat opposite to them. Her
mother only scolded her for being nonsensical.

“What is Mr. Darcy to me, pray, that I should be afraid of him? I am
sure we owe him no such particular civility as to be obliged to say
nothing _he_ may not like to hear.”

“For heaven's sake, madam, speak lower. What advantage can it be for you
to offend Mr. Darcy? You will never recommend yourself to his friend by
so doing!”

Nothing that she could say, however, had any influence. Her mother would
talk of her views in the same intelligible tone. Elizabeth blushed and
blushed again with shame and vexation. She could not help frequently
glancing her eye at Mr. Darcy, though every glance convinced her of what
she dreaded; for though he was not always looking at her mother, she was
convinced that his attention was invariably fixed by her. The expression
of his face changed gradually from indignant contempt to a composed and
steady gravity.

At length, however, Mrs. Bennet had no more to say; and Lady Lucas, who
had been long yawning at the repetition of delights which she saw no
likelihood of sharing, was left to the comforts of cold ham and
chicken. Elizabeth now began to revive. But not long was the interval of
tranquillity; for, when supper was over, singing was talked of, and
she had the mortification of seeing Mary, after very little entreaty,
preparing to oblige the company. By many significant looks and silent
entreaties, did she endeavour to prevent such a proof of complaisance,
but in vain; Mary would not understand them; such an opportunity of
exhibiting was delightful to her, and she began her song. Elizabeth's
eyes were fixed on her with most painful sensations, and she watched her
progress through the several stanzas with an impatience which was very
ill rewarded at their close; for Mary, on receiving, amongst the thanks
of the table, the hint of a hope that she might be prevailed on to
favour them again, after the pause of half a minute began another.
Mary's powers were by no means fitted for such a display; her voice was
weak, and her manner affected. Elizabeth was in agonies. She looked at
Jane, to see how she bore it; but Jane was very composedly talking to
Bingley. She looked at his two sisters, and saw them making signs
of derision at each other, and at Darcy, who continued, however,
imperturbably grave. She looked at her father to entreat his
interference, lest Mary should be singing all night. He took the hint,
and when Mary had finished her second song, said aloud, “That will do
extremely well, child. You have delighted us long enough. Let the other
young ladies have time to exhibit.”

Mary, though pretending not to hear, was somewhat disconcerted; and
Elizabeth, sorry for her, and sorry for her father's speech, was afraid
her anxiety had done no good. Others of the party were now applied to.

“If I,” said Mr. Collins, “were so fortunate as to be able to sing, I
should have great pleasure, I am sure, in obliging the company with an
air; for I consider music as a very innocent diversion, and perfectly
compatible with the profession of a clergyman. I do not mean, however,
to assert that we can be justified in devoting too much of our time
to music, for there are certainly other things to be attended to. The
rector of a parish has much to do. In the first place, he must make
such an agreement for tithes as may be beneficial to himself and not
offensive to his patron. He must write his own sermons; and the time
that remains will not be too much for his parish duties, and the care
and improvement of his dwelling, which he cannot be excused from making
as comfortable as possible. And I do not think it of light importance
that he should have attentive and conciliatory manners towards everybody,
especially towards those to whom he owes his preferment. I cannot acquit
him of that duty; nor could I think well of the man who should omit an
occasion of testifying his respect towards anybody connected with the
family.” And with a bow to Mr. Darcy, he concluded his speech, which had
been spoken so loud as to be heard by half the room. Many stared--many
smiled; but no one looked more amused than Mr. Bennet himself, while his
wife seriously commended Mr. Collins for having spoken so sensibly,
and observed in a half-whisper to Lady Lucas, that he was a remarkably
clever, good kind of young man.

To Elizabeth it appeared that, had her family made an agreement to
expose themselves as much as they could during the evening, it would
have been impossible for them to play their parts with more spirit or
finer success; and happy did she think it for Bingley and her sister
that some of the exhibition had escaped his notice, and that his
feelings were not of a sort to be much distressed by the folly which he
must have witnessed. That his two sisters and Mr. Darcy, however, should
have such an opportunity of ridiculing her relations, was bad enough,
and she could not determine whether the silent contempt of the
gentleman, or the insolent smiles of the ladies, were more intolerable.

The rest of the evening brought her little amusement. She was teased by
Mr. Collins, who continued most perseveringly by her side, and though
he could not prevail on her to dance with him again, put it out of her
power to dance with others. In vain did she entreat him to stand up with
somebody else, and offer to introduce him to any young lady in the room.
He assured her, that as to dancing, he was perfectly indifferent to it;
that his chief object was by delicate attentions to recommend himself to
her and that he should therefore make a point of remaining close to her
the whole evening. There was no arguing upon such a project. She owed
her greatest relief to her friend Miss Lucas, who often joined them, and
good-naturedly engaged Mr. Collins's conversation to herself.

She was at least free from the offense of Mr. Darcy's further notice;
though often standing within a very short distance of her, quite
disengaged, he never came near enough to speak. She felt it to be the
probable consequence of her allusions to Mr. Wickham, and rejoiced in
it.

The Longbourn party were the last of all the company to depart, and, by
a manoeuvre of Mrs. Bennet, had to wait for their carriage a quarter of
an hour after everybody else was gone, which gave them time to see how
heartily they were wished away by some of the family. Mrs. Hurst and her
sister scarcely opened their mouths, except to complain of fatigue, and
were evidently impatient to have the house to themselves. They repulsed
every attempt of Mrs. Bennet at conversation, and by so doing threw a
languor over the whole party, which was very little relieved by the
long speeches of Mr. Collins, who was complimenting Mr. Bingley and his
sisters on the elegance of their entertainment, and the hospitality and
politeness which had marked their behaviour to their guests. Darcy said
nothing at all. Mr. Bennet, in equal silence, was enjoying the scene.
Mr. Bingley and Jane were standing together, a little detached from the
rest, and talked only to each other. Elizabeth preserved as steady a
silence as either Mrs. Hurst or Miss Bingley; and even Lydia was too
much fatigued to utter more than the occasional exclamation of “Lord,
how tired I am!” accompanied by a violent yawn.

When at length they arose to take leave, Mrs. Bennet was most pressingly
civil in her hope of seeing the whole family soon at Longbourn, and
addressed herself especially to Mr. Bingley, to assure him how happy he
would make them by eating a family dinner with them at any time, without
the ceremony of a formal invitation. Bingley was all grateful pleasure,
and he readily engaged for taking the earliest opportunity of waiting on
her, after his return from London, whither he was obliged to go the next
day for a short time.

Mrs. Bennet was perfectly satisfied, and quitted the house under the
delightful persuasion that, allowing for the necessary preparations of
settlements, new carriages, and wedding clothes, she should undoubtedly
see her daughter settled at Netherfield in the course of three or four
months. Of having another daughter married to Mr. Collins, she thought
with equal certainty, and with considerable, though not equal, pleasure.
Elizabeth was the least dear to her of all her children; and though the
man and the match were quite good enough for _her_, the worth of each
was eclipsed by Mr. Bingley and Netherfield.



Chapter 19


The next day opened a new scene at Longbourn. Mr. Collins made his
declaration in form. Having resolved to do it without loss of time, as
his leave of absence extended only to the following Saturday, and having
no feelings of diffidence to make it distressing to himself even at
the moment, he set about it in a very orderly manner, with all the
observances, which he supposed a regular part of the business. On
finding Mrs. Bennet, Elizabeth, and one of the younger girls together,
soon after breakfast, he addressed the mother in these words:

“May I hope, madam, for your interest with your fair daughter Elizabeth,
when I solicit for the honour of a private audience with her in the
course of this morning?”

Before Elizabeth had time for anything but a blush of surprise, Mrs.
Bennet answered instantly, “Oh dear!--yes--certainly. I am sure Lizzy
will be very happy--I am sure she can have no objection. Come, Kitty, I
want you up stairs.” And, gathering her work together, she was hastening
away, when Elizabeth called out:

“Dear madam, do not go. I beg you will not go. Mr. Collins must excuse
me. He can have nothing to say to me that anybody need not hear. I am
going away myself.”

“No, no, nonsense, Lizzy. I desire you to stay where you are.” And upon
Elizabeth's seeming really, with vexed and embarrassed looks, about to
escape, she added: “Lizzy, I _insist_ upon your staying and hearing Mr.
Collins.”

Elizabeth would not oppose such an injunction--and a moment's
consideration making her also sensible that it would be wisest to get it
over as soon and as quietly as possible, she sat down again and tried to
conceal, by incessant employment the feelings which were divided between
distress and diversion. Mrs. Bennet and Kitty walked off, and as soon as
they were gone, Mr. Collins began.

“Believe me, my dear Miss Elizabeth, that your modesty, so far from
doing you any disservice, rather adds to your other perfections. You
would have been less amiable in my eyes had there _not_ been this little
unwillingness; but allow me to assure you, that I have your respected
mother's permission for this address. You can hardly doubt the
purport of my discourse, however your natural delicacy may lead you to
dissemble; my attentions have been too marked to be mistaken. Almost as
soon as I entered the house, I singled you out as the companion of
my future life. But before I am run away with by my feelings on this
subject, perhaps it would be advisable for me to state my reasons for
marrying--and, moreover, for coming into Hertfordshire with the design
of selecting a wife, as I certainly did.”

The idea of Mr. Collins, with all his solemn composure, being run away
with by his feelings, made Elizabeth so near laughing, that she could
not use the short pause he allowed in any attempt to stop him further,
and he continued:

“My reasons for marrying are, first, that I think it a right thing for
every clergyman in easy circumstances (like myself) to set the example
of matrimony in his parish; secondly, that I am convinced that it will
add very greatly to my happiness; and thirdly--which perhaps I ought
to have mentioned earlier, that it is the particular advice and
recommendation of the very noble lady whom I have the honour of calling
patroness. Twice has she condescended to give me her opinion (unasked
too!) on this subject; and it was but the very Saturday night before I
left Hunsford--between our pools at quadrille, while Mrs. Jenkinson was
arranging Miss de Bourgh's footstool, that she said, 'Mr. Collins, you
must marry. A clergyman like you must marry. Choose properly, choose
a gentlewoman for _my_ sake; and for your _own_, let her be an active,
useful sort of person, not brought up high, but able to make a small
income go a good way. This is my advice. Find such a woman as soon as
you can, bring her to Hunsford, and I will visit her.' Allow me, by the
way, to observe, my fair cousin, that I do not reckon the notice
and kindness of Lady Catherine de Bourgh as among the least of the
advantages in my power to offer. You will find her manners beyond
anything I can describe; and your wit and vivacity, I think, must be
acceptable to her, especially when tempered with the silence and
respect which her rank will inevitably excite. Thus much for my general
intention in favour of matrimony; it remains to be told why my views
were directed towards Longbourn instead of my own neighbourhood, where I
can assure you there are many amiable young women. But the fact is, that
being, as I am, to inherit this estate after the death of your honoured
father (who, however, may live many years longer), I could not satisfy
myself without resolving to choose a wife from among his daughters, that
the loss to them might be as little as possible, when the melancholy
event takes place--which, however, as I have already said, may not
be for several years. This has been my motive, my fair cousin, and
I flatter myself it will not sink me in your esteem. And now nothing
remains for me but to assure you in the most animated language of the
violence of my affection. To fortune I am perfectly indifferent, and
shall make no demand of that nature on your father, since I am well
aware that it could not be complied with; and that one thousand pounds
in the four per cents, which will not be yours till after your mother's
decease, is all that you may ever be entitled to. On that head,
therefore, I shall be uniformly silent; and you may assure yourself that
no ungenerous reproach shall ever pass my lips when we are married.”

It was absolutely necessary to interrupt him now.

“You are too hasty, sir,” she cried. “You forget that I have made no
answer. Let me do it without further loss of time. Accept my thanks for
the compliment you are paying me. I am very sensible of the honour of
your proposals, but it is impossible for me to do otherwise than to
decline them.”

“I am not now to learn,” replied Mr. Collins, with a formal wave of the
hand, “that it is usual with young ladies to reject the addresses of the
man whom they secretly mean to accept, when he first applies for their
favour; and that sometimes the refusal is repeated a second, or even a
third time. I am therefore by no means discouraged by what you have just
said, and shall hope to lead you to the altar ere long.”

“Upon my word, sir,” cried Elizabeth, “your hope is a rather
extraordinary one after my declaration. I do assure you that I am not
one of those young ladies (if such young ladies there are) who are so
daring as to risk their happiness on the chance of being asked a second
time. I am perfectly serious in my refusal. You could not make _me_
happy, and I am convinced that I am the last woman in the world who
could make you so. Nay, were your friend Lady Catherine to know me, I
am persuaded she would find me in every respect ill qualified for the
situation.”

“Were it certain that Lady Catherine would think so,” said Mr. Collins
very gravely--“but I cannot imagine that her ladyship would at all
disapprove of you. And you may be certain when I have the honour of
seeing her again, I shall speak in the very highest terms of your
modesty, economy, and other amiable qualification.”

“Indeed, Mr. Collins, all praise of me will be unnecessary. You
must give me leave to judge for myself, and pay me the compliment
of believing what I say. I wish you very happy and very rich, and by
refusing your hand, do all in my power to prevent your being otherwise.
In making me the offer, you must have satisfied the delicacy of your
feelings with regard to my family, and may take possession of Longbourn
estate whenever it falls, without any self-reproach. This matter may
be considered, therefore, as finally settled.” And rising as she
thus spoke, she would have quitted the room, had Mr. Collins not thus
addressed her:

“When I do myself the honour of speaking to you next on the subject, I
shall hope to receive a more favourable answer than you have now given
me; though I am far from accusing you of cruelty at present, because I
know it to be the established custom of your sex to reject a man on
the first application, and perhaps you have even now said as much to
encourage my suit as would be consistent with the true delicacy of the
female character.”

“Really, Mr. Collins,” cried Elizabeth with some warmth, “you puzzle me
exceedingly. If what I have hitherto said can appear to you in the form
of encouragement, I know not how to express my refusal in such a way as
to convince you of its being one.”

“You must give me leave to flatter myself, my dear cousin, that your
refusal of my addresses is merely words of course. My reasons for
believing it are briefly these: It does not appear to me that my hand is
unworthy of your acceptance, or that the establishment I can offer would
be any other than highly desirable. My situation in life, my connections
with the family of de Bourgh, and my relationship to your own, are
circumstances highly in my favour; and you should take it into further
consideration, that in spite of your manifold attractions, it is by no
means certain that another offer of marriage may ever be made you. Your
portion is unhappily so small that it will in all likelihood undo
the effects of your loveliness and amiable qualifications. As I must
therefore conclude that you are not serious in your rejection of me,
I shall choose to attribute it to your wish of increasing my love by
suspense, according to the usual practice of elegant females.”

“I do assure you, sir, that I have no pretensions whatever to that kind
of elegance which consists in tormenting a respectable man. I would
rather be paid the compliment of being believed sincere. I thank you
again and again for the honour you have done me in your proposals, but
to accept them is absolutely impossible. My feelings in every respect
forbid it. Can I speak plainer? Do not consider me now as an elegant
female, intending to plague you, but as a rational creature, speaking
the truth from her heart.”

“You are uniformly charming!” cried he, with an air of awkward
gallantry; “and I am persuaded that when sanctioned by the express
authority of both your excellent parents, my proposals will not fail of
being acceptable.”

To such perseverance in wilful self-deception Elizabeth would make
no reply, and immediately and in silence withdrew; determined, if
he persisted in considering her repeated refusals as flattering
encouragement, to apply to her father, whose negative might be uttered
in such a manner as to be decisive, and whose behaviour at least could
not be mistaken for the affectation and coquetry of an elegant female.



Chapter 20


Mr. Collins was not left long to the silent contemplation of his
successful love; for Mrs. Bennet, having dawdled about in the vestibule
to watch for the end of the conference, no sooner saw Elizabeth open
the door and with quick step pass her towards the staircase, than she
entered the breakfast-room, and congratulated both him and herself in
warm terms on the happy prospect of their nearer connection. Mr. Collins
received and returned these felicitations with equal pleasure, and then
proceeded to relate the particulars of their interview, with the result
of which he trusted he had every reason to be satisfied, since the
refusal which his cousin had steadfastly given him would naturally flow
from her bashful modesty and the genuine delicacy of her character.

This information, however, startled Mrs. Bennet; she would have been
glad to be equally satisfied that her daughter had meant to encourage
him by protesting against his proposals, but she dared not believe it,
and could not help saying so.

“But, depend upon it, Mr. Collins,” she added, “that Lizzy shall be
brought to reason. I will speak to her about it directly. She is a very
headstrong, foolish girl, and does not know her own interest but I will
_make_ her know it.”

“Pardon me for interrupting you, madam,” cried Mr. Collins; “but if
she is really headstrong and foolish, I know not whether she would
altogether be a very desirable wife to a man in my situation, who
naturally looks for happiness in the marriage state. If therefore she
actually persists in rejecting my suit, perhaps it were better not
to force her into accepting me, because if liable to such defects of
temper, she could not contribute much to my felicity.”

“Sir, you quite misunderstand me,” said Mrs. Bennet, alarmed. “Lizzy is
only headstrong in such matters as these. In everything else she is as
good-natured a girl as ever lived. I will go directly to Mr. Bennet, and
we shall very soon settle it with her, I am sure.”

She would not give him time to reply, but hurrying instantly to her
husband, called out as she entered the library, “Oh! Mr. Bennet, you
are wanted immediately; we are all in an uproar. You must come and make
Lizzy marry Mr. Collins, for she vows she will not have him, and if you
do not make haste he will change his mind and not have _her_.”

Mr. Bennet raised his eyes from his book as she entered, and fixed them
on her face with a calm unconcern which was not in the least altered by
her communication.

“I have not the pleasure of understanding you,” said he, when she had
finished her speech. “Of what are you talking?”

“Of Mr. Collins and Lizzy. Lizzy declares she will not have Mr. Collins,
and Mr. Collins begins to say that he will not have Lizzy.”

“And what am I to do on the occasion? It seems an hopeless business.”

“Speak to Lizzy about it yourself. Tell her that you insist upon her
marrying him.”

“Let her be called down. She shall hear my opinion.”

Mrs. Bennet rang the bell, and Miss Elizabeth was summoned to the
library.

“Come here, child,” cried her father as she appeared. “I have sent for
you on an affair of importance. I understand that Mr. Collins has made
you an offer of marriage. Is it true?” Elizabeth replied that it was.
“Very well--and this offer of marriage you have refused?”

“I have, sir.”

“Very well. We now come to the point. Your mother insists upon your
accepting it. Is it not so, Mrs. Bennet?”

“Yes, or I will never see her again.”

“An unhappy alternative is before you, Elizabeth. From this day you must
be a stranger to one of your parents. Your mother will never see you
again if you do _not_ marry Mr. Collins, and I will never see you again
if you _do_.”

Elizabeth could not but smile at such a conclusion of such a beginning,
but Mrs. Bennet, who had persuaded herself that her husband regarded the
affair as she wished, was excessively disappointed.

“What do you mean, Mr. Bennet, in talking this way? You promised me to
_insist_ upon her marrying him.”

“My dear,” replied her husband, “I have two small favours to request.
First, that you will allow me the free use of my understanding on the
present occasion; and secondly, of my room. I shall be glad to have the
library to myself as soon as may be.”

Not yet, however, in spite of her disappointment in her husband, did
Mrs. Bennet give up the point. She talked to Elizabeth again and again;
coaxed and threatened her by turns. She endeavoured to secure Jane
in her interest; but Jane, with all possible mildness, declined
interfering; and Elizabeth, sometimes with real earnestness, and
sometimes with playful gaiety, replied to her attacks. Though her manner
varied, however, her determination never did.

Mr. Collins, meanwhile, was meditating in solitude on what had passed.
He thought too well of himself to comprehend on what motives his cousin
could refuse him; and though his pride was hurt, he suffered in no other
way. His regard for her was quite imaginary; and the possibility of her
deserving her mother's reproach prevented his feeling any regret.

While the family were in this confusion, Charlotte Lucas came to spend
the day with them. She was met in the vestibule by Lydia, who, flying to
her, cried in a half whisper, “I am glad you are come, for there is such
fun here! What do you think has happened this morning? Mr. Collins has
made an offer to Lizzy, and she will not have him.”

Charlotte hardly had time to answer, before they were joined by Kitty,
who came to tell the same news; and no sooner had they entered the
breakfast-room, where Mrs. Bennet was alone, than she likewise began on
the subject, calling on Miss Lucas for her compassion, and entreating
her to persuade her friend Lizzy to comply with the wishes of all her
family. “Pray do, my dear Miss Lucas,” she added in a melancholy tone,
“for nobody is on my side, nobody takes part with me. I am cruelly used,
nobody feels for my poor nerves.”

Charlotte's reply was spared by the entrance of Jane and Elizabeth.

“Aye, there she comes,” continued Mrs. Bennet, “looking as unconcerned
as may be, and caring no more for us than if we were at York, provided
she can have her own way. But I tell you, Miss Lizzy--if you take it
into your head to go on refusing every offer of marriage in this way,
you will never get a husband at all--and I am sure I do not know who is
to maintain you when your father is dead. I shall not be able to keep
you--and so I warn you. I have done with you from this very day. I told
you in the library, you know, that I should never speak to you again,
and you will find me as good as my word. I have no pleasure in talking
to undutiful children. Not that I have much pleasure, indeed, in talking
to anybody. People who suffer as I do from nervous complaints can have
no great inclination for talking. Nobody can tell what I suffer! But it
is always so. Those who do not complain are never pitied.”

Her daughters listened in silence to this effusion, sensible that
any attempt to reason with her or soothe her would only increase the
irritation. She talked on, therefore, without interruption from any of
them, till they were joined by Mr. Collins, who entered the room with
an air more stately than usual, and on perceiving whom, she said to
the girls, “Now, I do insist upon it, that you, all of you, hold
your tongues, and let me and Mr. Collins have a little conversation
together.”

Elizabeth passed quietly out of the room, Jane and Kitty followed, but
Lydia stood her ground, determined to hear all she could; and Charlotte,
detained first by the civility of Mr. Collins, whose inquiries after
herself and all her family were very minute, and then by a little
curiosity, satisfied herself with walking to the window and pretending
not to hear. In a doleful voice Mrs. Bennet began the projected
conversation: “Oh! Mr. Collins!”

“My dear madam,” replied he, “let us be for ever silent on this point.
Far be it from me,” he presently continued, in a voice that marked his
displeasure, “to resent the behaviour of your daughter. Resignation
to inevitable evils is the duty of us all; the peculiar duty of a
young man who has been so fortunate as I have been in early preferment;
and I trust I am resigned. Perhaps not the less so from feeling a doubt
of my positive happiness had my fair cousin honoured me with her hand;
for I have often observed that resignation is never so perfect as
when the blessing denied begins to lose somewhat of its value in our
estimation. You will not, I hope, consider me as showing any disrespect
to your family, my dear madam, by thus withdrawing my pretensions to
your daughter's favour, without having paid yourself and Mr. Bennet the
compliment of requesting you to interpose your authority in my
behalf. My conduct may, I fear, be objectionable in having accepted my
dismission from your daughter's lips instead of your own. But we are all
liable to error. I have certainly meant well through the whole affair.
My object has been to secure an amiable companion for myself, with due
consideration for the advantage of all your family, and if my _manner_
has been at all reprehensible, I here beg leave to apologise.”



Chapter 21


The discussion of Mr. Collins's offer was now nearly at an end, and
Elizabeth had only to suffer from the uncomfortable feelings necessarily
attending it, and occasionally from some peevish allusions of her
mother. As for the gentleman himself, _his_ feelings were chiefly
expressed, not by embarrassment or dejection, or by trying to avoid her,
but by stiffness of manner and resentful silence. He scarcely ever spoke
to her, and the assiduous attentions which he had been so sensible of
himself were transferred for the rest of the day to Miss Lucas, whose
civility in listening to him was a seasonable relief to them all, and
especially to her friend.

The morrow produced no abatement of Mrs. Bennet's ill-humour or ill
health. Mr. Collins was also in the same state of angry pride. Elizabeth
had hoped that his resentment might shorten his visit, but his plan did
not appear in the least affected by it. He was always to have gone on
Saturday, and to Saturday he meant to stay.

After breakfast, the girls walked to Meryton to inquire if Mr. Wickham
were returned, and to lament over his absence from the Netherfield ball.
He joined them on their entering the town, and attended them to their
aunt's where his regret and vexation, and the concern of everybody, was
well talked over. To Elizabeth, however, he voluntarily acknowledged
that the necessity of his absence _had_ been self-imposed.

“I found,” said he, “as the time drew near that I had better not meet
Mr. Darcy; that to be in the same room, the same party with him for so
many hours together, might be more than I could bear, and that scenes
might arise unpleasant to more than myself.”

She highly approved his forbearance, and they had leisure for a full
discussion of it, and for all the commendation which they civilly
bestowed on each other, as Wickham and another officer walked back with
them to Longbourn, and during the walk he particularly attended to
her. His accompanying them was a double advantage; she felt all the
compliment it offered to herself, and it was most acceptable as an
occasion of introducing him to her father and mother.

Soon after their return, a letter was delivered to Miss Bennet; it came
from Netherfield. The envelope contained a sheet of elegant, little,
hot-pressed paper, well covered with a lady's fair, flowing hand; and
Elizabeth saw her sister's countenance change as she read it, and saw
her dwelling intently on some particular passages. Jane recollected
herself soon, and putting the letter away, tried to join with her usual
cheerfulness in the general conversation; but Elizabeth felt an anxiety
on the subject which drew off her attention even from Wickham; and no
sooner had he and his companion taken leave, than a glance from Jane
invited her to follow her up stairs. When they had gained their own room,
Jane, taking out the letter, said:

“This is from Caroline Bingley; what it contains has surprised me a good
deal. The whole party have left Netherfield by this time, and are on
their way to town--and without any intention of coming back again. You
shall hear what she says.”

She then read the first sentence aloud, which comprised the information
of their having just resolved to follow their brother to town directly,
and of their meaning to dine in Grosvenor Street, where Mr. Hurst had a
house. The next was in these words: “I do not pretend to regret anything
I shall leave in Hertfordshire, except your society, my dearest friend;
but we will hope, at some future period, to enjoy many returns of that
delightful intercourse we have known, and in the meanwhile may
lessen the pain of separation by a very frequent and most unreserved
correspondence. I depend on you for that.” To these highflown
expressions Elizabeth listened with all the insensibility of distrust;
and though the suddenness of their removal surprised her, she saw
nothing in it really to lament; it was not to be supposed that their
absence from Netherfield would prevent Mr. Bingley's being there; and as
to the loss of their society, she was persuaded that Jane must cease to
regard it, in the enjoyment of his.

“It is unlucky,” said she, after a short pause, “that you should not be
able to see your friends before they leave the country. But may we not
hope that the period of future happiness to which Miss Bingley looks
forward may arrive earlier than she is aware, and that the delightful
intercourse you have known as friends will be renewed with yet greater
satisfaction as sisters? Mr. Bingley will not be detained in London by
them.”

“Caroline decidedly says that none of the party will return into
Hertfordshire this winter. I will read it to you:”

“When my brother left us yesterday, he imagined that the business which
took him to London might be concluded in three or four days; but as we
are certain it cannot be so, and at the same time convinced that when
Charles gets to town he will be in no hurry to leave it again, we have
determined on following him thither, that he may not be obliged to spend
his vacant hours in a comfortless hotel. Many of my acquaintances are
already there for the winter; I wish that I could hear that you, my
dearest friend, had any intention of making one of the crowd--but of
that I despair. I sincerely hope your Christmas in Hertfordshire may
abound in the gaieties which that season generally brings, and that your
beaux will be so numerous as to prevent your feeling the loss of the
three of whom we shall deprive you.”

“It is evident by this,” added Jane, “that he comes back no more this
winter.”

“It is only evident that Miss Bingley does not mean that he _should_.”

“Why will you think so? It must be his own doing. He is his own
master. But you do not know _all_. I _will_ read you the passage which
particularly hurts me. I will have no reserves from _you_.”

“Mr. Darcy is impatient to see his sister; and, to confess the truth,
_we_ are scarcely less eager to meet her again. I really do not think
Georgiana Darcy has her equal for beauty, elegance, and accomplishments;
and the affection she inspires in Louisa and myself is heightened into
something still more interesting, from the hope we dare entertain of
her being hereafter our sister. I do not know whether I ever before
mentioned to you my feelings on this subject; but I will not leave the
country without confiding them, and I trust you will not esteem them
unreasonable. My brother admires her greatly already; he will have
frequent opportunity now of seeing her on the most intimate footing;
her relations all wish the connection as much as his own; and a sister's
partiality is not misleading me, I think, when I call Charles most
capable of engaging any woman's heart. With all these circumstances to
favour an attachment, and nothing to prevent it, am I wrong, my dearest
Jane, in indulging the hope of an event which will secure the happiness
of so many?”

“What do you think of _this_ sentence, my dear Lizzy?” said Jane as she
finished it. “Is it not clear enough? Does it not expressly declare that
Caroline neither expects nor wishes me to be her sister; that she is
perfectly convinced of her brother's indifference; and that if she
suspects the nature of my feelings for him, she means (most kindly!) to
put me on my guard? Can there be any other opinion on the subject?”

“Yes, there can; for mine is totally different. Will you hear it?”

“Most willingly.”

“You shall have it in a few words. Miss Bingley sees that her brother is
in love with you, and wants him to marry Miss Darcy. She follows him
to town in hope of keeping him there, and tries to persuade you that he
does not care about you.”

Jane shook her head.

“Indeed, Jane, you ought to believe me. No one who has ever seen you
together can doubt his affection. Miss Bingley, I am sure, cannot. She
is not such a simpleton. Could she have seen half as much love in Mr.
Darcy for herself, she would have ordered her wedding clothes. But the
case is this: We are not rich enough or grand enough for them; and she
is the more anxious to get Miss Darcy for her brother, from the notion
that when there has been _one_ intermarriage, she may have less trouble
in achieving a second; in which there is certainly some ingenuity, and
I dare say it would succeed, if Miss de Bourgh were out of the way. But,
my dearest Jane, you cannot seriously imagine that because Miss Bingley
tells you her brother greatly admires Miss Darcy, he is in the smallest
degree less sensible of _your_ merit than when he took leave of you on
Tuesday, or that it will be in her power to persuade him that, instead
of being in love with you, he is very much in love with her friend.”

“If we thought alike of Miss Bingley,” replied Jane, “your
representation of all this might make me quite easy. But I know the
foundation is unjust. Caroline is incapable of wilfully deceiving
anyone; and all that I can hope in this case is that she is deceiving
herself.”

“That is right. You could not have started a more happy idea, since you
will not take comfort in mine. Believe her to be deceived, by all means.
You have now done your duty by her, and must fret no longer.”

“But, my dear sister, can I be happy, even supposing the best, in
accepting a man whose sisters and friends are all wishing him to marry
elsewhere?”

“You must decide for yourself,” said Elizabeth; “and if, upon mature
deliberation, you find that the misery of disobliging his two sisters is
more than equivalent to the happiness of being his wife, I advise you by
all means to refuse him.”

“How can you talk so?” said Jane, faintly smiling. “You must know that
though I should be exceedingly grieved at their disapprobation, I could
not hesitate.”

“I did not think you would; and that being the case, I cannot consider
your situation with much compassion.”

“But if he returns no more this winter, my choice will never be
required. A thousand things may arise in six months!”

The idea of his returning no more Elizabeth treated with the utmost
contempt. It appeared to her merely the suggestion of Caroline's
interested wishes, and she could not for a moment suppose that those
wishes, however openly or artfully spoken, could influence a young man
so totally independent of everyone.

She represented to her sister as forcibly as possible what she felt
on the subject, and had soon the pleasure of seeing its happy effect.
Jane's temper was not desponding, and she was gradually led to hope,
though the diffidence of affection sometimes overcame the hope, that
Bingley would return to Netherfield and answer every wish of her heart.

They agreed that Mrs. Bennet should only hear of the departure of the
family, without being alarmed on the score of the gentleman's conduct;
but even this partial communication gave her a great deal of concern,
and she bewailed it as exceedingly unlucky that the ladies should happen
to go away just as they were all getting so intimate together. After
lamenting it, however, at some length, she had the consolation that Mr.
Bingley would be soon down again and soon dining at Longbourn, and the
conclusion of all was the comfortable declaration, that though he had
been invited only to a family dinner, she would take care to have two
full courses.



Chapter 22


The Bennets were engaged to dine with the Lucases and again during the
chief of the day was Miss Lucas so kind as to listen to Mr. Collins.
Elizabeth took an opportunity of thanking her. “It keeps him in good
humour,” said she, “and I am more obliged to you than I can express.”
 Charlotte assured her friend of her satisfaction in being useful, and
that it amply repaid her for the little sacrifice of her time. This was
very amiable, but Charlotte's kindness extended farther than Elizabeth
had any conception of; its object was nothing else than to secure her
from any return of Mr. Collins's addresses, by engaging them towards
herself. Such was Miss Lucas's scheme; and appearances were so
favourable, that when they parted at night, she would have felt almost
secure of success if he had not been to leave Hertfordshire so very
soon. But here she did injustice to the fire and independence of his
character, for it led him to escape out of Longbourn House the next
morning with admirable slyness, and hasten to Lucas Lodge to throw
himself at her feet. He was anxious to avoid the notice of his cousins,
from a conviction that if they saw him depart, they could not fail to
conjecture his design, and he was not willing to have the attempt known
till its success might be known likewise; for though feeling almost
secure, and with reason, for Charlotte had been tolerably encouraging,
he was comparatively diffident since the adventure of Wednesday.
His reception, however, was of the most flattering kind. Miss Lucas
perceived him from an upper window as he walked towards the house, and
instantly set out to meet him accidentally in the lane. But little had
she dared to hope that so much love and eloquence awaited her there.

In as short a time as Mr. Collins's long speeches would allow,
everything was settled between them to the satisfaction of both; and as
they entered the house he earnestly entreated her to name the day that
was to make him the happiest of men; and though such a solicitation must
be waived for the present, the lady felt no inclination to trifle with
his happiness. The stupidity with which he was favoured by nature must
guard his courtship from any charm that could make a woman wish for its
continuance; and Miss Lucas, who accepted him solely from the pure
and disinterested desire of an establishment, cared not how soon that
establishment were gained.

Sir William and Lady Lucas were speedily applied to for their consent;
and it was bestowed with a most joyful alacrity. Mr. Collins's present
circumstances made it a most eligible match for their daughter, to whom
they could give little fortune; and his prospects of future wealth were
exceedingly fair. Lady Lucas began directly to calculate, with more
interest than the matter had ever excited before, how many years longer
Mr. Bennet was likely to live; and Sir William gave it as his decided
opinion, that whenever Mr. Collins should be in possession of the
Longbourn estate, it would be highly expedient that both he and his wife
should make their appearance at St. James's. The whole family, in short,
were properly overjoyed on the occasion. The younger girls formed hopes
of _coming out_ a year or two sooner than they might otherwise have
done; and the boys were relieved from their apprehension of Charlotte's
dying an old maid. Charlotte herself was tolerably composed. She had
gained her point, and had time to consider of it. Her reflections were
in general satisfactory. Mr. Collins, to be sure, was neither sensible
nor agreeable; his society was irksome, and his attachment to her must
be imaginary. But still he would be her husband. Without thinking highly
either of men or matrimony, marriage had always been her object; it was
the only provision for well-educated young women of small fortune,
and however uncertain of giving happiness, must be their pleasantest
preservative from want. This preservative she had now obtained; and at
the age of twenty-seven, without having ever been handsome, she felt all
the good luck of it. The least agreeable circumstance in the business
was the surprise it must occasion to Elizabeth Bennet, whose friendship
she valued beyond that of any other person. Elizabeth would wonder,
and probably would blame her; and though her resolution was not to be
shaken, her feelings must be hurt by such a disapprobation. She resolved
to give her the information herself, and therefore charged Mr. Collins,
when he returned to Longbourn to dinner, to drop no hint of what had
passed before any of the family. A promise of secrecy was of course very
dutifully given, but it could not be kept without difficulty; for the
curiosity excited by his long absence burst forth in such very direct
questions on his return as required some ingenuity to evade, and he was
at the same time exercising great self-denial, for he was longing to
publish his prosperous love.

As he was to begin his journey too early on the morrow to see any of the
family, the ceremony of leave-taking was performed when the ladies moved
for the night; and Mrs. Bennet, with great politeness and cordiality,
said how happy they should be to see him at Longbourn again, whenever
his engagements might allow him to visit them.

“My dear madam,” he replied, “this invitation is particularly
gratifying, because it is what I have been hoping to receive; and
you may be very certain that I shall avail myself of it as soon as
possible.”

They were all astonished; and Mr. Bennet, who could by no means wish for
so speedy a return, immediately said:

“But is there not danger of Lady Catherine's disapprobation here, my
good sir? You had better neglect your relations than run the risk of
offending your patroness.”

“My dear sir,” replied Mr. Collins, “I am particularly obliged to you
for this friendly caution, and you may depend upon my not taking so
material a step without her ladyship's concurrence.”

“You cannot be too much upon your guard. Risk anything rather than her
displeasure; and if you find it likely to be raised by your coming to us
again, which I should think exceedingly probable, stay quietly at home,
and be satisfied that _we_ shall take no offence.”

“Believe me, my dear sir, my gratitude is warmly excited by such
affectionate attention; and depend upon it, you will speedily receive
from me a letter of thanks for this, and for every other mark of your
regard during my stay in Hertfordshire. As for my fair cousins, though
my absence may not be long enough to render it necessary, I shall now
take the liberty of wishing them health and happiness, not excepting my
cousin Elizabeth.”

With proper civilities the ladies then withdrew; all of them equally
surprised that he meditated a quick return. Mrs. Bennet wished to
understand by it that he thought of paying his addresses to one of her
younger girls, and Mary might have been prevailed on to accept him.
She rated his abilities much higher than any of the others; there was
a solidity in his reflections which often struck her, and though by no
means so clever as herself, she thought that if encouraged to read
and improve himself by such an example as hers, he might become a very
agreeable companion. But on the following morning, every hope of this
kind was done away. Miss Lucas called soon after breakfast, and in a
private conference with Elizabeth related the event of the day before.

The possibility of Mr. Collins's fancying himself in love with her
friend had once occurred to Elizabeth within the last day or two; but
that Charlotte could encourage him seemed almost as far from
possibility as she could encourage him herself, and her astonishment was
consequently so great as to overcome at first the bounds of decorum, and
she could not help crying out:

“Engaged to Mr. Collins! My dear Charlotte--impossible!”

The steady countenance which Miss Lucas had commanded in telling her
story, gave way to a momentary confusion here on receiving so direct a
reproach; though, as it was no more than she expected, she soon regained
her composure, and calmly replied:

“Why should you be surprised, my dear Eliza? Do you think it incredible
that Mr. Collins should be able to procure any woman's good opinion,
because he was not so happy as to succeed with you?”

But Elizabeth had now recollected herself, and making a strong effort
for it, was able to assure with tolerable firmness that the prospect of
their relationship was highly grateful to her, and that she wished her
all imaginable happiness.

“I see what you are feeling,” replied Charlotte. “You must be surprised,
very much surprised--so lately as Mr. Collins was wishing to marry
you. But when you have had time to think it over, I hope you will be
satisfied with what I have done. I am not romantic, you know; I never
was. I ask only a comfortable home; and considering Mr. Collins's
character, connection, and situation in life, I am convinced that my
chance of happiness with him is as fair as most people can boast on
entering the marriage state.”

Elizabeth quietly answered “Undoubtedly;” and after an awkward pause,
they returned to the rest of the family. Charlotte did not stay much
longer, and Elizabeth was then left to reflect on what she had heard.
It was a long time before she became at all reconciled to the idea of so
unsuitable a match. The strangeness of Mr. Collins's making two offers
of marriage within three days was nothing in comparison of his being now
accepted. She had always felt that Charlotte's opinion of matrimony was
not exactly like her own, but she had not supposed it to be possible
that, when called into action, she would have sacrificed every better
feeling to worldly advantage. Charlotte the wife of Mr. Collins was a
most humiliating picture! And to the pang of a friend disgracing herself
and sunk in her esteem, was added the distressing conviction that it
was impossible for that friend to be tolerably happy in the lot she had
chosen.



Chapter 23


Elizabeth was sitting with her mother and sisters, reflecting on what
she had heard, and doubting whether she was authorised to mention
it, when Sir William Lucas himself appeared, sent by his daughter, to
announce her engagement to the family. With many compliments to them,
and much self-gratulation on the prospect of a connection between the
houses, he unfolded the matter--to an audience not merely wondering, but
incredulous; for Mrs. Bennet, with more perseverance than politeness,
protested he must be entirely mistaken; and Lydia, always unguarded and
often uncivil, boisterously exclaimed:

“Good Lord! Sir William, how can you tell such a story? Do not you know
that Mr. Collins wants to marry Lizzy?”

Nothing less than the complaisance of a courtier could have borne
without anger such treatment; but Sir William's good breeding carried
him through it all; and though he begged leave to be positive as to the
truth of his information, he listened to all their impertinence with the
most forbearing courtesy.

Elizabeth, feeling it incumbent on her to relieve him from so unpleasant
a situation, now put herself forward to confirm his account, by
mentioning her prior knowledge of it from Charlotte herself; and
endeavoured to put a stop to the exclamations of her mother and sisters
by the earnestness of her congratulations to Sir William, in which she
was readily joined by Jane, and by making a variety of remarks on the
happiness that might be expected from the match, the excellent character
of Mr. Collins, and the convenient distance of Hunsford from London.

Mrs. Bennet was in fact too much overpowered to say a great deal while
Sir William remained; but no sooner had he left them than her feelings
found a rapid vent. In the first place, she persisted in disbelieving
the whole of the matter; secondly, she was very sure that Mr. Collins
had been taken in; thirdly, she trusted that they would never be
happy together; and fourthly, that the match might be broken off. Two
inferences, however, were plainly deduced from the whole: one, that
Elizabeth was the real cause of the mischief; and the other that she
herself had been barbarously misused by them all; and on these two
points she principally dwelt during the rest of the day. Nothing could
console and nothing could appease her. Nor did that day wear out her
resentment. A week elapsed before she could see Elizabeth without
scolding her, a month passed away before she could speak to Sir William
or Lady Lucas without being rude, and many months were gone before she
could at all forgive their daughter.

Mr. Bennet's emotions were much more tranquil on the occasion, and such
as he did experience he pronounced to be of a most agreeable sort; for
it gratified him, he said, to discover that Charlotte Lucas, whom he had
been used to think tolerably sensible, was as foolish as his wife, and
more foolish than his daughter!

Jane confessed herself a little surprised at the match; but she said
less of her astonishment than of her earnest desire for their happiness;
nor could Elizabeth persuade her to consider it as improbable. Kitty
and Lydia were far from envying Miss Lucas, for Mr. Collins was only a
clergyman; and it affected them in no other way than as a piece of news
to spread at Meryton.

Lady Lucas could not be insensible of triumph on being able to retort
on Mrs. Bennet the comfort of having a daughter well married; and she
called at Longbourn rather oftener than usual to say how happy she was,
though Mrs. Bennet's sour looks and ill-natured remarks might have been
enough to drive happiness away.

Between Elizabeth and Charlotte there was a restraint which kept them
mutually silent on the subject; and Elizabeth felt persuaded that
no real confidence could ever subsist between them again. Her
disappointment in Charlotte made her turn with fonder regard to her
sister, of whose rectitude and delicacy she was sure her opinion could
never be shaken, and for whose happiness she grew daily more anxious,
as Bingley had now been gone a week and nothing more was heard of his
return.

Jane had sent Caroline an early answer to her letter, and was counting
the days till she might reasonably hope to hear again. The promised
letter of thanks from Mr. Collins arrived on Tuesday, addressed to
their father, and written with all the solemnity of gratitude which a
twelvemonth's abode in the family might have prompted. After discharging
his conscience on that head, he proceeded to inform them, with many
rapturous expressions, of his happiness in having obtained the affection
of their amiable neighbour, Miss Lucas, and then explained that it was
merely with the view of enjoying her society that he had been so ready
to close with their kind wish of seeing him again at Longbourn, whither
he hoped to be able to return on Monday fortnight; for Lady Catherine,
he added, so heartily approved his marriage, that she wished it to take
place as soon as possible, which he trusted would be an unanswerable
argument with his amiable Charlotte to name an early day for making him
the happiest of men.

Mr. Collins's return into Hertfordshire was no longer a matter of
pleasure to Mrs. Bennet. On the contrary, she was as much disposed to
complain of it as her husband. It was very strange that he should come
to Longbourn instead of to Lucas Lodge; it was also very inconvenient
and exceedingly troublesome. She hated having visitors in the house
while her health was so indifferent, and lovers were of all people the
most disagreeable. Such were the gentle murmurs of Mrs. Bennet, and
they gave way only to the greater distress of Mr. Bingley's continued
absence.

Neither Jane nor Elizabeth were comfortable on this subject. Day after
day passed away without bringing any other tidings of him than the
report which shortly prevailed in Meryton of his coming no more to
Netherfield the whole winter; a report which highly incensed Mrs.
Bennet, and which she never failed to contradict as a most scandalous
falsehood.

Even Elizabeth began to fear--not that Bingley was indifferent--but that
his sisters would be successful in keeping him away. Unwilling as
she was to admit an idea so destructive of Jane's happiness, and so
dishonorable to the stability of her lover, she could not prevent its
frequently occurring. The united efforts of his two unfeeling sisters
and of his overpowering friend, assisted by the attractions of Miss
Darcy and the amusements of London might be too much, she feared, for
the strength of his attachment.

As for Jane, _her_ anxiety under this suspense was, of course, more
painful than Elizabeth's, but whatever she felt she was desirous of
concealing, and between herself and Elizabeth, therefore, the subject
was never alluded to. But as no such delicacy restrained her mother,
an hour seldom passed in which she did not talk of Bingley, express her
impatience for his arrival, or even require Jane to confess that if he
did not come back she would think herself very ill used. It needed
all Jane's steady mildness to bear these attacks with tolerable
tranquillity.

Mr. Collins returned most punctually on Monday fortnight, but his
reception at Longbourn was not quite so gracious as it had been on his
first introduction. He was too happy, however, to need much attention;
and luckily for the others, the business of love-making relieved them
from a great deal of his company. The chief of every day was spent by
him at Lucas Lodge, and he sometimes returned to Longbourn only in time
to make an apology for his absence before the family went to bed.

Mrs. Bennet was really in a most pitiable state. The very mention of
anything concerning the match threw her into an agony of ill-humour,
and wherever she went she was sure of hearing it talked of. The sight
of Miss Lucas was odious to her. As her successor in that house, she
regarded her with jealous abhorrence. Whenever Charlotte came to see
them, she concluded her to be anticipating the hour of possession; and
whenever she spoke in a low voice to Mr. Collins, was convinced that
they were talking of the Longbourn estate, and resolving to turn herself
and her daughters out of the house, as soon as Mr. Bennet were dead. She
complained bitterly of all this to her husband.

“Indeed, Mr. Bennet,” said she, “it is very hard to think that Charlotte
Lucas should ever be mistress of this house, that I should be forced to
make way for _her_, and live to see her take her place in it!”

“My dear, do not give way to such gloomy thoughts. Let us hope for
better things. Let us flatter ourselves that I may be the survivor.”

This was not very consoling to Mrs. Bennet, and therefore, instead of
making any answer, she went on as before.

“I cannot bear to think that they should have all this estate. If it was
not for the entail, I should not mind it.”

“What should not you mind?”

“I should not mind anything at all.”

“Let us be thankful that you are preserved from a state of such
insensibility.”

“I never can be thankful, Mr. Bennet, for anything about the entail. How
anyone could have the conscience to entail away an estate from one's own
daughters, I cannot understand; and all for the sake of Mr. Collins too!
Why should _he_ have it more than anybody else?”

“I leave it to yourself to determine,” said Mr. Bennet.



Chapter 24


Miss Bingley's letter arrived, and put an end to doubt. The very first
sentence conveyed the assurance of their being all settled in London for
the winter, and concluded with her brother's regret at not having had
time to pay his respects to his friends in Hertfordshire before he left
the country.

Hope was over, entirely over; and when Jane could attend to the rest
of the letter, she found little, except the professed affection of the
writer, that could give her any comfort. Miss Darcy's praise occupied
the chief of it. Her many attractions were again dwelt on, and Caroline
boasted joyfully of their increasing intimacy, and ventured to predict
the accomplishment of the wishes which had been unfolded in her former
letter. She wrote also with great pleasure of her brother's being an
inmate of Mr. Darcy's house, and mentioned with raptures some plans of
the latter with regard to new furniture.

Elizabeth, to whom Jane very soon communicated the chief of all this,
heard it in silent indignation. Her heart was divided between concern
for her sister, and resentment against all others. To Caroline's
assertion of her brother's being partial to Miss Darcy she paid no
credit. That he was really fond of Jane, she doubted no more than she
had ever done; and much as she had always been disposed to like him, she
could not think without anger, hardly without contempt, on that easiness
of temper, that want of proper resolution, which now made him the slave
of his designing friends, and led him to sacrifice of his own happiness
to the caprice of their inclination. Had his own happiness, however,
been the only sacrifice, he might have been allowed to sport with it in
whatever manner he thought best, but her sister's was involved in it, as
she thought he must be sensible himself. It was a subject, in short,
on which reflection would be long indulged, and must be unavailing. She
could think of nothing else; and yet whether Bingley's regard had really
died away, or were suppressed by his friends' interference; whether
he had been aware of Jane's attachment, or whether it had escaped his
observation; whatever were the case, though her opinion of him must be
materially affected by the difference, her sister's situation remained
the same, her peace equally wounded.

A day or two passed before Jane had courage to speak of her feelings to
Elizabeth; but at last, on Mrs. Bennet's leaving them together, after a
longer irritation than usual about Netherfield and its master, she could
not help saying:

“Oh, that my dear mother had more command over herself! She can have no
idea of the pain she gives me by her continual reflections on him. But
I will not repine. It cannot last long. He will be forgot, and we shall
all be as we were before.”

Elizabeth looked at her sister with incredulous solicitude, but said
nothing.

“You doubt me,” cried Jane, slightly colouring; “indeed, you have
no reason. He may live in my memory as the most amiable man of my
acquaintance, but that is all. I have nothing either to hope or fear,
and nothing to reproach him with. Thank God! I have not _that_ pain. A
little time, therefore--I shall certainly try to get the better.”

With a stronger voice she soon added, “I have this comfort immediately,
that it has not been more than an error of fancy on my side, and that it
has done no harm to anyone but myself.”

“My dear Jane!” exclaimed Elizabeth, “you are too good. Your sweetness
and disinterestedness are really angelic; I do not know what to say
to you. I feel as if I had never done you justice, or loved you as you
deserve.”

Miss Bennet eagerly disclaimed all extraordinary merit, and threw back
the praise on her sister's warm affection.

“Nay,” said Elizabeth, “this is not fair. _You_ wish to think all the
world respectable, and are hurt if I speak ill of anybody. I only want
to think _you_ perfect, and you set yourself against it. Do not
be afraid of my running into any excess, of my encroaching on your
privilege of universal good-will. You need not. There are few people
whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see
of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms
my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the
little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or
sense. I have met with two instances lately, one I will not mention; the
other is Charlotte's marriage. It is unaccountable! In every view it is
unaccountable!”

“My dear Lizzy, do not give way to such feelings as these. They will
ruin your happiness. You do not make allowance enough for difference
of situation and temper. Consider Mr. Collins's respectability, and
Charlotte's steady, prudent character. Remember that she is one of a
large family; that as to fortune, it is a most eligible match; and be
ready to believe, for everybody's sake, that she may feel something like
regard and esteem for our cousin.”

“To oblige you, I would try to believe almost anything, but no one else
could be benefited by such a belief as this; for were I persuaded that
Charlotte had any regard for him, I should only think worse of her
understanding than I now do of her heart. My dear Jane, Mr. Collins is a
conceited, pompous, narrow-minded, silly man; you know he is, as well as
I do; and you must feel, as well as I do, that the woman who married him
cannot have a proper way of thinking. You shall not defend her, though
it is Charlotte Lucas. You shall not, for the sake of one individual,
change the meaning of principle and integrity, nor endeavour to persuade
yourself or me, that selfishness is prudence, and insensibility of
danger security for happiness.”

“I must think your language too strong in speaking of both,” replied
Jane; “and I hope you will be convinced of it by seeing them happy
together. But enough of this. You alluded to something else. You
mentioned _two_ instances. I cannot misunderstand you, but I entreat
you, dear Lizzy, not to pain me by thinking _that person_ to blame, and
saying your opinion of him is sunk. We must not be so ready to fancy
ourselves intentionally injured. We must not expect a lively young man
to be always so guarded and circumspect. It is very often nothing but
our own vanity that deceives us. Women fancy admiration means more than
it does.”

“And men take care that they should.”

“If it is designedly done, they cannot be justified; but I have no idea
of there being so much design in the world as some persons imagine.”

“I am far from attributing any part of Mr. Bingley's conduct to design,”
 said Elizabeth; “but without scheming to do wrong, or to make others
unhappy, there may be error, and there may be misery. Thoughtlessness,
want of attention to other people's feelings, and want of resolution,
will do the business.”

“And do you impute it to either of those?”

“Yes; to the last. But if I go on, I shall displease you by saying what
I think of persons you esteem. Stop me whilst you can.”

“You persist, then, in supposing his sisters influence him?”

“Yes, in conjunction with his friend.”

“I cannot believe it. Why should they try to influence him? They can
only wish his happiness; and if he is attached to me, no other woman can
secure it.”

“Your first position is false. They may wish many things besides his
happiness; they may wish his increase of wealth and consequence; they
may wish him to marry a girl who has all the importance of money, great
connections, and pride.”

“Beyond a doubt, they _do_ wish him to choose Miss Darcy,” replied Jane;
“but this may be from better feelings than you are supposing. They have
known her much longer than they have known me; no wonder if they love
her better. But, whatever may be their own wishes, it is very unlikely
they should have opposed their brother's. What sister would think
herself at liberty to do it, unless there were something very
objectionable? If they believed him attached to me, they would not try
to part us; if he were so, they could not succeed. By supposing such an
affection, you make everybody acting unnaturally and wrong, and me most
unhappy. Do not distress me by the idea. I am not ashamed of having been
mistaken--or, at least, it is light, it is nothing in comparison of what
I should feel in thinking ill of him or his sisters. Let me take it in
the best light, in the light in which it may be understood.”

Elizabeth could not oppose such a wish; and from this time Mr. Bingley's
name was scarcely ever mentioned between them.

Mrs. Bennet still continued to wonder and repine at his returning no
more, and though a day seldom passed in which Elizabeth did not account
for it clearly, there was little chance of her ever considering it with
less perplexity. Her daughter endeavoured to convince her of what she
did not believe herself, that his attentions to Jane had been merely the
effect of a common and transient liking, which ceased when he saw her
no more; but though the probability of the statement was admitted at
the time, she had the same story to repeat every day. Mrs. Bennet's best
comfort was that Mr. Bingley must be down again in the summer.

Mr. Bennet treated the matter differently. “So, Lizzy,” said he one day,
“your sister is crossed in love, I find. I congratulate her. Next to
being married, a girl likes to be crossed a little in love now and then.
It is something to think of, and it gives her a sort of distinction
among her companions. When is your turn to come? You will hardly bear to
be long outdone by Jane. Now is your time. Here are officers enough in
Meryton to disappoint all the young ladies in the country. Let Wickham
be _your_ man. He is a pleasant fellow, and would jilt you creditably.”

“Thank you, sir, but a less agreeable man would satisfy me. We must not
all expect Jane's good fortune.”

“True,” said Mr. Bennet, “but it is a comfort to think that whatever of
that kind may befall you, you have an affectionate mother who will make
the most of it.”

Mr. Wickham's society was of material service in dispelling the gloom
which the late perverse occurrences had thrown on many of the Longbourn
family. They saw him often, and to his other recommendations was now
added that of general unreserve. The whole of what Elizabeth had already
heard, his claims on Mr. Darcy, and all that he had suffered from him,
was now openly acknowledged and publicly canvassed; and everybody was
pleased to know how much they had always disliked Mr. Darcy before they
had known anything of the matter.

Miss Bennet was the only creature who could suppose there might be
any extenuating circumstances in the case, unknown to the society
of Hertfordshire; her mild and steady candour always pleaded for
allowances, and urged the possibility of mistakes--but by everybody else
Mr. Darcy was condemned as the worst of men.



Chapter 25


After a week spent in professions of love and schemes of felicity,
Mr. Collins was called from his amiable Charlotte by the arrival of
Saturday. The pain of separation, however, might be alleviated on his
side, by preparations for the reception of his bride; as he had reason
to hope, that shortly after his return into Hertfordshire, the day would
be fixed that was to make him the happiest of men. He took leave of his
relations at Longbourn with as much solemnity as before; wished his fair
cousins health and happiness again, and promised their father another
letter of thanks.

On the following Monday, Mrs. Bennet had the pleasure of receiving
her brother and his wife, who came as usual to spend the Christmas
at Longbourn. Mr. Gardiner was a sensible, gentlemanlike man, greatly
superior to his sister, as well by nature as education. The Netherfield
ladies would have had difficulty in believing that a man who lived
by trade, and within view of his own warehouses, could have been so
well-bred and agreeable. Mrs. Gardiner, who was several years younger
than Mrs. Bennet and Mrs. Phillips, was an amiable, intelligent, elegant
woman, and a great favourite with all her Longbourn nieces. Between the
two eldest and herself especially, there subsisted a particular regard.
They had frequently been staying with her in town.

The first part of Mrs. Gardiner's business on her arrival was to
distribute her presents and describe the newest fashions. When this was
done she had a less active part to play. It became her turn to listen.
Mrs. Bennet had many grievances to relate, and much to complain of. They
had all been very ill-used since she last saw her sister. Two of her
girls had been upon the point of marriage, and after all there was
nothing in it.

“I do not blame Jane,” she continued, “for Jane would have got Mr.
Bingley if she could. But Lizzy! Oh, sister! It is very hard to think
that she might have been Mr. Collins's wife by this time, had it not
been for her own perverseness. He made her an offer in this very room,
and she refused him. The consequence of it is, that Lady Lucas will have
a daughter married before I have, and that the Longbourn estate is just
as much entailed as ever. The Lucases are very artful people indeed,
sister. They are all for what they can get. I am sorry to say it of
them, but so it is. It makes me very nervous and poorly, to be thwarted
so in my own family, and to have neighbours who think of themselves
before anybody else. However, your coming just at this time is the
greatest of comforts, and I am very glad to hear what you tell us, of
long sleeves.”

Mrs. Gardiner, to whom the chief of this news had been given before,
in the course of Jane and Elizabeth's correspondence with her, made her
sister a slight answer, and, in compassion to her nieces, turned the
conversation.

When alone with Elizabeth afterwards, she spoke more on the subject. “It
seems likely to have been a desirable match for Jane,” said she. “I am
sorry it went off. But these things happen so often! A young man, such
as you describe Mr. Bingley, so easily falls in love with a pretty girl
for a few weeks, and when accident separates them, so easily forgets
her, that these sort of inconsistencies are very frequent.”

“An excellent consolation in its way,” said Elizabeth, “but it will not
do for _us_. We do not suffer by _accident_. It does not often
happen that the interference of friends will persuade a young man of
independent fortune to think no more of a girl whom he was violently in
love with only a few days before.”

“But that expression of 'violently in love' is so hackneyed, so
doubtful, so indefinite, that it gives me very little idea. It is as
often applied to feelings which arise from a half-hour's acquaintance,
as to a real, strong attachment. Pray, how _violent was_ Mr. Bingley's
love?”

“I never saw a more promising inclination; he was growing quite
inattentive to other people, and wholly engrossed by her. Every time
they met, it was more decided and remarkable. At his own ball he
offended two or three young ladies, by not asking them to dance; and I
spoke to him twice myself, without receiving an answer. Could there be
finer symptoms? Is not general incivility the very essence of love?”

“Oh, yes!--of that kind of love which I suppose him to have felt. Poor
Jane! I am sorry for her, because, with her disposition, she may not get
over it immediately. It had better have happened to _you_, Lizzy; you
would have laughed yourself out of it sooner. But do you think she
would be prevailed upon to go back with us? Change of scene might be
of service--and perhaps a little relief from home may be as useful as
anything.”

Elizabeth was exceedingly pleased with this proposal, and felt persuaded
of her sister's ready acquiescence.

“I hope,” added Mrs. Gardiner, “that no consideration with regard to
this young man will influence her. We live in so different a part of
town, all our connections are so different, and, as you well know, we go
out so little, that it is very improbable that they should meet at all,
unless he really comes to see her.”

“And _that_ is quite impossible; for he is now in the custody of his
friend, and Mr. Darcy would no more suffer him to call on Jane in such
a part of London! My dear aunt, how could you think of it? Mr. Darcy may
perhaps have _heard_ of such a place as Gracechurch Street, but he
would hardly think a month's ablution enough to cleanse him from its
impurities, were he once to enter it; and depend upon it, Mr. Bingley
never stirs without him.”

“So much the better. I hope they will not meet at all. But does not Jane
correspond with his sister? _She_ will not be able to help calling.”

“She will drop the acquaintance entirely.”

But in spite of the certainty in which Elizabeth affected to place this
point, as well as the still more interesting one of Bingley's being
withheld from seeing Jane, she felt a solicitude on the subject which
convinced her, on examination, that she did not consider it entirely
hopeless. It was possible, and sometimes she thought it probable, that
his affection might be reanimated, and the influence of his friends
successfully combated by the more natural influence of Jane's
attractions.

Miss Bennet accepted her aunt's invitation with pleasure; and the
Bingleys were no otherwise in her thoughts at the same time, than as she
hoped by Caroline's not living in the same house with her brother,
she might occasionally spend a morning with her, without any danger of
seeing him.

The Gardiners stayed a week at Longbourn; and what with the Phillipses,
the Lucases, and the officers, there was not a day without its
engagement. Mrs. Bennet had so carefully provided for the entertainment
of her brother and sister, that they did not once sit down to a family
dinner. When the engagement was for home, some of the officers always
made part of it--of which officers Mr. Wickham was sure to be one; and
on these occasions, Mrs. Gardiner, rendered suspicious by Elizabeth's
warm commendation, narrowly observed them both. Without supposing them,
from what she saw, to be very seriously in love, their preference
of each other was plain enough to make her a little uneasy; and
she resolved to speak to Elizabeth on the subject before she left
Hertfordshire, and represent to her the imprudence of encouraging such
an attachment.

To Mrs. Gardiner, Wickham had one means of affording pleasure,
unconnected with his general powers. About ten or a dozen years ago,
before her marriage, she had spent a considerable time in that very
part of Derbyshire to which he belonged. They had, therefore, many
acquaintances in common; and though Wickham had been little there since
the death of Darcy's father, it was yet in his power to give her fresher
intelligence of her former friends than she had been in the way of
procuring.

Mrs. Gardiner had seen Pemberley, and known the late Mr. Darcy by
character perfectly well. Here consequently was an inexhaustible subject
of discourse. In comparing her recollection of Pemberley with the minute
description which Wickham could give, and in bestowing her tribute of
praise on the character of its late possessor, she was delighting both
him and herself. On being made acquainted with the present Mr. Darcy's
treatment of him, she tried to remember some of that gentleman's
reputed disposition when quite a lad which might agree with it, and
was confident at last that she recollected having heard Mr. Fitzwilliam
Darcy formerly spoken of as a very proud, ill-natured boy.



Chapter 26


Mrs. Gardiner's caution to Elizabeth was punctually and kindly given
on the first favourable opportunity of speaking to her alone; after
honestly telling her what she thought, she thus went on:

“You are too sensible a girl, Lizzy, to fall in love merely because
you are warned against it; and, therefore, I am not afraid of speaking
openly. Seriously, I would have you be on your guard. Do not involve
yourself or endeavour to involve him in an affection which the want
of fortune would make so very imprudent. I have nothing to say against
_him_; he is a most interesting young man; and if he had the fortune he
ought to have, I should think you could not do better. But as it is, you
must not let your fancy run away with you. You have sense, and we all
expect you to use it. Your father would depend on _your_ resolution and
good conduct, I am sure. You must not disappoint your father.”

“My dear aunt, this is being serious indeed.”

“Yes, and I hope to engage you to be serious likewise.”

“Well, then, you need not be under any alarm. I will take care of
myself, and of Mr. Wickham too. He shall not be in love with me, if I
can prevent it.”

“Elizabeth, you are not serious now.”

“I beg your pardon, I will try again. At present I am not in love with
Mr. Wickham; no, I certainly am not. But he is, beyond all comparison,
the most agreeable man I ever saw--and if he becomes really attached to
me--I believe it will be better that he should not. I see the imprudence
of it. Oh! _that_ abominable Mr. Darcy! My father's opinion of me does
me the greatest honour, and I should be miserable to forfeit it. My
father, however, is partial to Mr. Wickham. In short, my dear aunt, I
should be very sorry to be the means of making any of you unhappy; but
since we see every day that where there is affection, young people
are seldom withheld by immediate want of fortune from entering into
engagements with each other, how can I promise to be wiser than so many
of my fellow-creatures if I am tempted, or how am I even to know that it
would be wisdom to resist? All that I can promise you, therefore, is not
to be in a hurry. I will not be in a hurry to believe myself his first
object. When I am in company with him, I will not be wishing. In short,
I will do my best.”

“Perhaps it will be as well if you discourage his coming here so very
often. At least, you should not _remind_ your mother of inviting him.”

“As I did the other day,” said Elizabeth with a conscious smile: “very
true, it will be wise in me to refrain from _that_. But do not imagine
that he is always here so often. It is on your account that he has been
so frequently invited this week. You know my mother's ideas as to the
necessity of constant company for her friends. But really, and upon my
honour, I will try to do what I think to be the wisest; and now I hope
you are satisfied.”

Her aunt assured her that she was, and Elizabeth having thanked her for
the kindness of her hints, they parted; a wonderful instance of advice
being given on such a point, without being resented.

Mr. Collins returned into Hertfordshire soon after it had been quitted
by the Gardiners and Jane; but as he took up his abode with the Lucases,
his arrival was no great inconvenience to Mrs. Bennet. His marriage was
now fast approaching, and she was at length so far resigned as to think
it inevitable, and even repeatedly to say, in an ill-natured tone, that
she “_wished_ they might be happy.” Thursday was to be the wedding day,
and on Wednesday Miss Lucas paid her farewell visit; and when she
rose to take leave, Elizabeth, ashamed of her mother's ungracious and
reluctant good wishes, and sincerely affected herself, accompanied her
out of the room. As they went downstairs together, Charlotte said:

“I shall depend on hearing from you very often, Eliza.”

“_That_ you certainly shall.”

“And I have another favour to ask you. Will you come and see me?”

“We shall often meet, I hope, in Hertfordshire.”

“I am not likely to leave Kent for some time. Promise me, therefore, to
come to Hunsford.”

Elizabeth could not refuse, though she foresaw little pleasure in the
visit.

“My father and Maria are coming to me in March,” added Charlotte, “and I
hope you will consent to be of the party. Indeed, Eliza, you will be as
welcome as either of them.”

The wedding took place; the bride and bridegroom set off for Kent from
the church door, and everybody had as much to say, or to hear, on
the subject as usual. Elizabeth soon heard from her friend; and their
correspondence was as regular and frequent as it had ever been; that
it should be equally unreserved was impossible. Elizabeth could never
address her without feeling that all the comfort of intimacy was over,
and though determined not to slacken as a correspondent, it was for the
sake of what had been, rather than what was. Charlotte's first letters
were received with a good deal of eagerness; there could not but be
curiosity to know how she would speak of her new home, how she would
like Lady Catherine, and how happy she would dare pronounce herself to
be; though, when the letters were read, Elizabeth felt that Charlotte
expressed herself on every point exactly as she might have foreseen. She
wrote cheerfully, seemed surrounded with comforts, and mentioned nothing
which she could not praise. The house, furniture, neighbourhood, and
roads, were all to her taste, and Lady Catherine's behaviour was most
friendly and obliging. It was Mr. Collins's picture of Hunsford and
Rosings rationally softened; and Elizabeth perceived that she must wait
for her own visit there to know the rest.

Jane had already written a few lines to her sister to announce their
safe arrival in London; and when she wrote again, Elizabeth hoped it
would be in her power to say something of the Bingleys.

Her impatience for this second letter was as well rewarded as impatience
generally is. Jane had been a week in town without either seeing or
hearing from Caroline. She accounted for it, however, by supposing that
her last letter to her friend from Longbourn had by some accident been
lost.

“My aunt,” she continued, “is going to-morrow into that part of the
town, and I shall take the opportunity of calling in Grosvenor Street.”

She wrote again when the visit was paid, and she had seen Miss Bingley.
“I did not think Caroline in spirits,” were her words, “but she was very
glad to see me, and reproached me for giving her no notice of my coming
to London. I was right, therefore, my last letter had never reached
her. I inquired after their brother, of course. He was well, but so much
engaged with Mr. Darcy that they scarcely ever saw him. I found that
Miss Darcy was expected to dinner. I wish I could see her. My visit was
not long, as Caroline and Mrs. Hurst were going out. I dare say I shall
see them soon here.”

Elizabeth shook her head over this letter. It convinced her that
accident only could discover to Mr. Bingley her sister's being in town.

Four weeks passed away, and Jane saw nothing of him. She endeavoured to
persuade herself that she did not regret it; but she could no longer be
blind to Miss Bingley's inattention. After waiting at home every morning
for a fortnight, and inventing every evening a fresh excuse for her, the
visitor did at last appear; but the shortness of her stay, and yet more,
the alteration of her manner would allow Jane to deceive herself no
longer. The letter which she wrote on this occasion to her sister will
prove what she felt.

“My dearest Lizzy will, I am sure, be incapable of triumphing in her
better judgement, at my expense, when I confess myself to have been
entirely deceived in Miss Bingley's regard for me. But, my dear sister,
though the event has proved you right, do not think me obstinate if I
still assert that, considering what her behaviour was, my confidence was
as natural as your suspicion. I do not at all comprehend her reason for
wishing to be intimate with me; but if the same circumstances were to
happen again, I am sure I should be deceived again. Caroline did not
return my visit till yesterday; and not a note, not a line, did I
receive in the meantime. When she did come, it was very evident that
she had no pleasure in it; she made a slight, formal apology, for not
calling before, said not a word of wishing to see me again, and was
in every respect so altered a creature, that when she went away I was
perfectly resolved to continue the acquaintance no longer. I pity,
though I cannot help blaming her. She was very wrong in singling me out
as she did; I can safely say that every advance to intimacy began on
her side. But I pity her, because she must feel that she has been acting
wrong, and because I am very sure that anxiety for her brother is the
cause of it. I need not explain myself farther; and though _we_ know
this anxiety to be quite needless, yet if she feels it, it will easily
account for her behaviour to me; and so deservedly dear as he is to
his sister, whatever anxiety she must feel on his behalf is natural and
amiable. I cannot but wonder, however, at her having any such fears now,
because, if he had at all cared about me, we must have met, long ago.
He knows of my being in town, I am certain, from something she said
herself; and yet it would seem, by her manner of talking, as if she
wanted to persuade herself that he is really partial to Miss Darcy. I
cannot understand it. If I were not afraid of judging harshly, I should
be almost tempted to say that there is a strong appearance of duplicity
in all this. But I will endeavour to banish every painful thought,
and think only of what will make me happy--your affection, and the
invariable kindness of my dear uncle and aunt. Let me hear from you very
soon. Miss Bingley said something of his never returning to Netherfield
again, of giving up the house, but not with any certainty. We had better
not mention it. I am extremely glad that you have such pleasant accounts
from our friends at Hunsford. Pray go to see them, with Sir William and
Maria. I am sure you will be very comfortable there.--Yours, etc.”

This letter gave Elizabeth some pain; but her spirits returned as she
considered that Jane would no longer be duped, by the sister at least.
All expectation from the brother was now absolutely over. She would not
even wish for a renewal of his attentions. His character sunk on
every review of it; and as a punishment for him, as well as a possible
advantage to Jane, she seriously hoped he might really soon marry Mr.
Darcy's sister, as by Wickham's account, she would make him abundantly
regret what he had thrown away.

Mrs. Gardiner about this time reminded Elizabeth of her promise
concerning that gentleman, and required information; and Elizabeth
had such to send as might rather give contentment to her aunt than to
herself. His apparent partiality had subsided, his attentions were over,
he was the admirer of some one else. Elizabeth was watchful enough to
see it all, but she could see it and write of it without material pain.
Her heart had been but slightly touched, and her vanity was satisfied
with believing that _she_ would have been his only choice, had fortune
permitted it. The sudden acquisition of ten thousand pounds was the most
remarkable charm of the young lady to whom he was now rendering himself
agreeable; but Elizabeth, less clear-sighted perhaps in this case than
in Charlotte's, did not quarrel with him for his wish of independence.
Nothing, on the contrary, could be more natural; and while able to
suppose that it cost him a few struggles to relinquish her, she was
ready to allow it a wise and desirable measure for both, and could very
sincerely wish him happy.

All this was acknowledged to Mrs. Gardiner; and after relating the
circumstances, she thus went on: “I am now convinced, my dear aunt, that
I have never been much in love; for had I really experienced that pure
and elevating passion, I should at present detest his very name, and
wish him all manner of evil. But my feelings are not only cordial
towards _him_; they are even impartial towards Miss King. I cannot find
out that I hate her at all, or that I am in the least unwilling to
think her a very good sort of girl. There can be no love in all this. My
watchfulness has been effectual; and though I certainly should be a more
interesting object to all my acquaintances were I distractedly in love
with him, I cannot say that I regret my comparative insignificance.
Importance may sometimes be purchased too dearly. Kitty and Lydia take
his defection much more to heart than I do. They are young in the
ways of the world, and not yet open to the mortifying conviction that
handsome young men must have something to live on as well as the plain.”



Chapter 27


With no greater events than these in the Longbourn family, and otherwise
diversified by little beyond the walks to Meryton, sometimes dirty and
sometimes cold, did January and February pass away. March was to take
Elizabeth to Hunsford. She had not at first thought very seriously of
going thither; but Charlotte, she soon found, was depending on the plan
and she gradually learned to consider it herself with greater pleasure
as well as greater certainty. Absence had increased her desire of seeing
Charlotte again, and weakened her disgust of Mr. Collins. There
was novelty in the scheme, and as, with such a mother and such
uncompanionable sisters, home could not be faultless, a little change
was not unwelcome for its own sake. The journey would moreover give her
a peep at Jane; and, in short, as the time drew near, she would have
been very sorry for any delay. Everything, however, went on smoothly,
and was finally settled according to Charlotte's first sketch. She was
to accompany Sir William and his second daughter. The improvement
of spending a night in London was added in time, and the plan became
perfect as plan could be.

The only pain was in leaving her father, who would certainly miss her,
and who, when it came to the point, so little liked her going, that he
told her to write to him, and almost promised to answer her letter.

The farewell between herself and Mr. Wickham was perfectly friendly; on
his side even more. His present pursuit could not make him forget that
Elizabeth had been the first to excite and to deserve his attention, the
first to listen and to pity, the first to be admired; and in his manner
of bidding her adieu, wishing her every enjoyment, reminding her of
what she was to expect in Lady Catherine de Bourgh, and trusting their
opinion of her--their opinion of everybody--would always coincide, there
was a solicitude, an interest which she felt must ever attach her to
him with a most sincere regard; and she parted from him convinced that,
whether married or single, he must always be her model of the amiable
and pleasing.

Her fellow-travellers the next day were not of a kind to make her
think him less agreeable. Sir William Lucas, and his daughter Maria, a
good-humoured girl, but as empty-headed as himself, had nothing to say
that could be worth hearing, and were listened to with about as much
delight as the rattle of the chaise. Elizabeth loved absurdities, but
she had known Sir William's too long. He could tell her nothing new of
the wonders of his presentation and knighthood; and his civilities were
worn out, like his information.

It was a journey of only twenty-four miles, and they began it so early
as to be in Gracechurch Street by noon. As they drove to Mr. Gardiner's
door, Jane was at a drawing-room window watching their arrival; when
they entered the passage she was there to welcome them, and Elizabeth,
looking earnestly in her face, was pleased to see it healthful and
lovely as ever. On the stairs were a troop of little boys and girls,
whose eagerness for their cousin's appearance would not allow them to
wait in the drawing-room, and whose shyness, as they had not seen
her for a twelvemonth, prevented their coming lower. All was joy and
kindness. The day passed most pleasantly away; the morning in bustle and
shopping, and the evening at one of the theatres.

Elizabeth then contrived to sit by her aunt. Their first object was her
sister; and she was more grieved than astonished to hear, in reply to
her minute inquiries, that though Jane always struggled to support her
spirits, there were periods of dejection. It was reasonable, however,
to hope that they would not continue long. Mrs. Gardiner gave her the
particulars also of Miss Bingley's visit in Gracechurch Street, and
repeated conversations occurring at different times between Jane and
herself, which proved that the former had, from her heart, given up the
acquaintance.

Mrs. Gardiner then rallied her niece on Wickham's desertion, and
complimented her on bearing it so well.

“But my dear Elizabeth,” she added, “what sort of girl is Miss King? I
should be sorry to think our friend mercenary.”

“Pray, my dear aunt, what is the difference in matrimonial affairs,
between the mercenary and the prudent motive? Where does discretion end,
and avarice begin? Last Christmas you were afraid of his marrying me,
because it would be imprudent; and now, because he is trying to get
a girl with only ten thousand pounds, you want to find out that he is
mercenary.”

“If you will only tell me what sort of girl Miss King is, I shall know
what to think.”

“She is a very good kind of girl, I believe. I know no harm of her.”

“But he paid her not the smallest attention till her grandfather's death
made her mistress of this fortune.”

“No--why should he? If it were not allowable for him to gain _my_
affections because I had no money, what occasion could there be for
making love to a girl whom he did not care about, and who was equally
poor?”

“But there seems an indelicacy in directing his attentions towards her
so soon after this event.”

“A man in distressed circumstances has not time for all those elegant
decorums which other people may observe. If _she_ does not object to it,
why should _we_?”

“_Her_ not objecting does not justify _him_. It only shows her being
deficient in something herself--sense or feeling.”

“Well,” cried Elizabeth, “have it as you choose. _He_ shall be
mercenary, and _she_ shall be foolish.”

“No, Lizzy, that is what I do _not_ choose. I should be sorry, you know,
to think ill of a young man who has lived so long in Derbyshire.”

“Oh! if that is all, I have a very poor opinion of young men who live in
Derbyshire; and their intimate friends who live in Hertfordshire are not
much better. I am sick of them all. Thank Heaven! I am going to-morrow
where I shall find a man who has not one agreeable quality, who has
neither manner nor sense to recommend him. Stupid men are the only ones
worth knowing, after all.”

“Take care, Lizzy; that speech savours strongly of disappointment.”

Before they were separated by the conclusion of the play, she had the
unexpected happiness of an invitation to accompany her uncle and aunt in
a tour of pleasure which they proposed taking in the summer.

“We have not determined how far it shall carry us,” said Mrs. Gardiner,
“but, perhaps, to the Lakes.”

No scheme could have been more agreeable to Elizabeth, and her
acceptance of the invitation was most ready and grateful. “Oh, my dear,
dear aunt,” she rapturously cried, “what delight! what felicity! You
give me fresh life and vigour. Adieu to disappointment and spleen. What
are young men to rocks and mountains? Oh! what hours of transport
we shall spend! And when we _do_ return, it shall not be like other
travellers, without being able to give one accurate idea of anything. We
_will_ know where we have gone--we _will_ recollect what we have seen.
Lakes, mountains, and rivers shall not be jumbled together in our
imaginations; nor when we attempt to describe any particular scene,
will we begin quarreling about its relative situation. Let _our_
first effusions be less insupportable than those of the generality of
travellers.”



Chapter 28


Every object in the next day's journey was new and interesting to
Elizabeth; and her spirits were in a state of enjoyment; for she had
seen her sister looking so well as to banish all fear for her health,
and the prospect of her northern tour was a constant source of delight.

When they left the high road for the lane to Hunsford, every eye was in
search of the Parsonage, and every turning expected to bring it in view.
The palings of Rosings Park was their boundary on one side. Elizabeth
smiled at the recollection of all that she had heard of its inhabitants.

At length the Parsonage was discernible. The garden sloping to the
road, the house standing in it, the green pales, and the laurel hedge,
everything declared they were arriving. Mr. Collins and Charlotte
appeared at the door, and the carriage stopped at the small gate which
led by a short gravel walk to the house, amidst the nods and smiles of
the whole party. In a moment they were all out of the chaise, rejoicing
at the sight of each other. Mrs. Collins welcomed her friend with the
liveliest pleasure, and Elizabeth was more and more satisfied with
coming when she found herself so affectionately received. She saw
instantly that her cousin's manners were not altered by his marriage;
his formal civility was just what it had been, and he detained her some
minutes at the gate to hear and satisfy his inquiries after all her
family. They were then, with no other delay than his pointing out the
neatness of the entrance, taken into the house; and as soon as they
were in the parlour, he welcomed them a second time, with ostentatious
formality to his humble abode, and punctually repeated all his wife's
offers of refreshment.

Elizabeth was prepared to see him in his glory; and she could not help
in fancying that in displaying the good proportion of the room, its
aspect and its furniture, he addressed himself particularly to her,
as if wishing to make her feel what she had lost in refusing him. But
though everything seemed neat and comfortable, she was not able to
gratify him by any sigh of repentance, and rather looked with wonder at
her friend that she could have so cheerful an air with such a companion.
When Mr. Collins said anything of which his wife might reasonably be
ashamed, which certainly was not unseldom, she involuntarily turned her
eye on Charlotte. Once or twice she could discern a faint blush; but
in general Charlotte wisely did not hear. After sitting long enough to
admire every article of furniture in the room, from the sideboard to
the fender, to give an account of their journey, and of all that had
happened in London, Mr. Collins invited them to take a stroll in the
garden, which was large and well laid out, and to the cultivation of
which he attended himself. To work in this garden was one of his most
respectable pleasures; and Elizabeth admired the command of countenance
with which Charlotte talked of the healthfulness of the exercise, and
owned she encouraged it as much as possible. Here, leading the way
through every walk and cross walk, and scarcely allowing them an
interval to utter the praises he asked for, every view was pointed out
with a minuteness which left beauty entirely behind. He could number the
fields in every direction, and could tell how many trees there were in
the most distant clump. But of all the views which his garden, or which
the country or kingdom could boast, none were to be compared with the
prospect of Rosings, afforded by an opening in the trees that bordered
the park nearly opposite the front of his house. It was a handsome
modern building, well situated on rising ground.

From his garden, Mr. Collins would have led them round his two meadows;
but the ladies, not having shoes to encounter the remains of a white
frost, turned back; and while Sir William accompanied him, Charlotte
took her sister and friend over the house, extremely well pleased,
probably, to have the opportunity of showing it without her husband's
help. It was rather small, but well built and convenient; and everything
was fitted up and arranged with a neatness and consistency of which
Elizabeth gave Charlotte all the credit. When Mr. Collins could be
forgotten, there was really an air of great comfort throughout, and by
Charlotte's evident enjoyment of it, Elizabeth supposed he must be often
forgotten.

She had already learnt that Lady Catherine was still in the country. It
was spoken of again while they were at dinner, when Mr. Collins joining
in, observed:

“Yes, Miss Elizabeth, you will have the honour of seeing Lady Catherine
de Bourgh on the ensuing Sunday at church, and I need not say you will
be delighted with her. She is all affability and condescension, and I
doubt not but you will be honoured with some portion of her notice
when service is over. I have scarcely any hesitation in saying she
will include you and my sister Maria in every invitation with which she
honours us during your stay here. Her behaviour to my dear Charlotte is
charming. We dine at Rosings twice every week, and are never allowed
to walk home. Her ladyship's carriage is regularly ordered for us. I
_should_ say, one of her ladyship's carriages, for she has several.”

“Lady Catherine is a very respectable, sensible woman indeed,” added
Charlotte, “and a most attentive neighbour.”

“Very true, my dear, that is exactly what I say. She is the sort of
woman whom one cannot regard with too much deference.”

The evening was spent chiefly in talking over Hertfordshire news,
and telling again what had already been written; and when it closed,
Elizabeth, in the solitude of her chamber, had to meditate upon
Charlotte's degree of contentment, to understand her address in guiding,
and composure in bearing with, her husband, and to acknowledge that it
was all done very well. She had also to anticipate how her visit
would pass, the quiet tenor of their usual employments, the vexatious
interruptions of Mr. Collins, and the gaieties of their intercourse with
Rosings. A lively imagination soon settled it all.

About the middle of the next day, as she was in her room getting ready
for a walk, a sudden noise below seemed to speak the whole house in
confusion; and, after listening a moment, she heard somebody running
up stairs in a violent hurry, and calling loudly after her. She opened
the door and met Maria in the landing place, who, breathless with
agitation, cried out--

“Oh, my dear Eliza! pray make haste and come into the dining-room, for
there is such a sight to be seen! I will not tell you what it is. Make
haste, and come down this moment.”

Elizabeth asked questions in vain; Maria would tell her nothing more,
and down they ran into the dining-room, which fronted the lane, in
quest of this wonder; It was two ladies stopping in a low phaeton at the
garden gate.

“And is this all?” cried Elizabeth. “I expected at least that the pigs
were got into the garden, and here is nothing but Lady Catherine and her
daughter.”

“La! my dear,” said Maria, quite shocked at the mistake, “it is not
Lady Catherine. The old lady is Mrs. Jenkinson, who lives with them;
the other is Miss de Bourgh. Only look at her. She is quite a little
creature. Who would have thought that she could be so thin and small?”

“She is abominably rude to keep Charlotte out of doors in all this wind.
Why does she not come in?”

“Oh, Charlotte says she hardly ever does. It is the greatest of favours
when Miss de Bourgh comes in.”

“I like her appearance,” said Elizabeth, struck with other ideas. “She
looks sickly and cross. Yes, she will do for him very well. She will
make him a very proper wife.”

Mr. Collins and Charlotte were both standing at the gate in conversation
with the ladies; and Sir William, to Elizabeth's high diversion, was
stationed in the doorway, in earnest contemplation of the greatness
before him, and constantly bowing whenever Miss de Bourgh looked that
way.

At length there was nothing more to be said; the ladies drove on, and
the others returned into the house. Mr. Collins no sooner saw the two
girls than he began to congratulate them on their good fortune, which
Charlotte explained by letting them know that the whole party was asked
to dine at Rosings the next day.



Chapter 29


Mr. Collins's triumph, in consequence of this invitation, was complete.
The power of displaying the grandeur of his patroness to his wondering
visitors, and of letting them see her civility towards himself and his
wife, was exactly what he had wished for; and that an opportunity
of doing it should be given so soon, was such an instance of Lady
Catherine's condescension, as he knew not how to admire enough.

“I confess,” said he, “that I should not have been at all surprised by
her ladyship's asking us on Sunday to drink tea and spend the evening at
Rosings. I rather expected, from my knowledge of her affability, that it
would happen. But who could have foreseen such an attention as this? Who
could have imagined that we should receive an invitation to dine there
(an invitation, moreover, including the whole party) so immediately
after your arrival!”

“I am the less surprised at what has happened,” replied Sir William,
“from that knowledge of what the manners of the great really are, which
my situation in life has allowed me to acquire. About the court, such
instances of elegant breeding are not uncommon.”

Scarcely anything was talked of the whole day or next morning but their
visit to Rosings. Mr. Collins was carefully instructing them in what
they were to expect, that the sight of such rooms, so many servants, and
so splendid a dinner, might not wholly overpower them.

When the ladies were separating for the toilette, he said to Elizabeth--

“Do not make yourself uneasy, my dear cousin, about your apparel. Lady
Catherine is far from requiring that elegance of dress in us which
becomes herself and her daughter. I would advise you merely to put on
whatever of your clothes is superior to the rest--there is no occasion
for anything more. Lady Catherine will not think the worse of you
for being simply dressed. She likes to have the distinction of rank
preserved.”

While they were dressing, he came two or three times to their different
doors, to recommend their being quick, as Lady Catherine very much
objected to be kept waiting for her dinner. Such formidable accounts of
her ladyship, and her manner of living, quite frightened Maria Lucas
who had been little used to company, and she looked forward to her
introduction at Rosings with as much apprehension as her father had done
to his presentation at St. James's.

As the weather was fine, they had a pleasant walk of about half a
mile across the park. Every park has its beauty and its prospects; and
Elizabeth saw much to be pleased with, though she could not be in such
raptures as Mr. Collins expected the scene to inspire, and was but
slightly affected by his enumeration of the windows in front of the
house, and his relation of what the glazing altogether had originally
cost Sir Lewis de Bourgh.

When they ascended the steps to the hall, Maria's alarm was every
moment increasing, and even Sir William did not look perfectly calm.
Elizabeth's courage did not fail her. She had heard nothing of Lady
Catherine that spoke her awful from any extraordinary talents or
miraculous virtue, and the mere stateliness of money or rank she thought
she could witness without trepidation.

From the entrance-hall, of which Mr. Collins pointed out, with a
rapturous air, the fine proportion and the finished ornaments, they
followed the servants through an ante-chamber, to the room where Lady
Catherine, her daughter, and Mrs. Jenkinson were sitting. Her ladyship,
with great condescension, arose to receive them; and as Mrs. Collins had
settled it with her husband that the office of introduction should
be hers, it was performed in a proper manner, without any of those
apologies and thanks which he would have thought necessary.

In spite of having been at St. James's, Sir William was so completely
awed by the grandeur surrounding him, that he had but just courage
enough to make a very low bow, and take his seat without saying a word;
and his daughter, frightened almost out of her senses, sat on the edge
of her chair, not knowing which way to look. Elizabeth found herself
quite equal to the scene, and could observe the three ladies before her
composedly. Lady Catherine was a tall, large woman, with strongly-marked
features, which might once have been handsome. Her air was not
conciliating, nor was her manner of receiving them such as to make her
visitors forget their inferior rank. She was not rendered formidable by
silence; but whatever she said was spoken in so authoritative a tone,
as marked her self-importance, and brought Mr. Wickham immediately to
Elizabeth's mind; and from the observation of the day altogether, she
believed Lady Catherine to be exactly what he represented.

When, after examining the mother, in whose countenance and deportment
she soon found some resemblance of Mr. Darcy, she turned her eyes on the
daughter, she could almost have joined in Maria's astonishment at her
being so thin and so small. There was neither in figure nor face any
likeness between the ladies. Miss de Bourgh was pale and sickly; her
features, though not plain, were insignificant; and she spoke very
little, except in a low voice, to Mrs. Jenkinson, in whose appearance
there was nothing remarkable, and who was entirely engaged in listening
to what she said, and placing a screen in the proper direction before
her eyes.

After sitting a few minutes, they were all sent to one of the windows to
admire the view, Mr. Collins attending them to point out its beauties,
and Lady Catherine kindly informing them that it was much better worth
looking at in the summer.

The dinner was exceedingly handsome, and there were all the servants and
all the articles of plate which Mr. Collins had promised; and, as he had
likewise foretold, he took his seat at the bottom of the table, by her
ladyship's desire, and looked as if he felt that life could furnish
nothing greater. He carved, and ate, and praised with delighted
alacrity; and every dish was commended, first by him and then by Sir
William, who was now enough recovered to echo whatever his son-in-law
said, in a manner which Elizabeth wondered Lady Catherine could bear.
But Lady Catherine seemed gratified by their excessive admiration, and
gave most gracious smiles, especially when any dish on the table proved
a novelty to them. The party did not supply much conversation. Elizabeth
was ready to speak whenever there was an opening, but she was seated
between Charlotte and Miss de Bourgh--the former of whom was engaged in
listening to Lady Catherine, and the latter said not a word to her all
dinner-time. Mrs. Jenkinson was chiefly employed in watching how little
Miss de Bourgh ate, pressing her to try some other dish, and fearing
she was indisposed. Maria thought speaking out of the question, and the
gentlemen did nothing but eat and admire.

When the ladies returned to the drawing-room, there was little to
be done but to hear Lady Catherine talk, which she did without any
intermission till coffee came in, delivering her opinion on every
subject in so decisive a manner, as proved that she was not used to
have her judgement controverted. She inquired into Charlotte's domestic
concerns familiarly and minutely, gave her a great deal of advice as
to the management of them all; told her how everything ought to be
regulated in so small a family as hers, and instructed her as to the
care of her cows and her poultry. Elizabeth found that nothing was
beneath this great lady's attention, which could furnish her with an
occasion of dictating to others. In the intervals of her discourse
with Mrs. Collins, she addressed a variety of questions to Maria and
Elizabeth, but especially to the latter, of whose connections she knew
the least, and who she observed to Mrs. Collins was a very genteel,
pretty kind of girl. She asked her, at different times, how many sisters
she had, whether they were older or younger than herself, whether any of
them were likely to be married, whether they were handsome, where they
had been educated, what carriage her father kept, and what had been
her mother's maiden name? Elizabeth felt all the impertinence of
her questions but answered them very composedly. Lady Catherine then
observed,

“Your father's estate is entailed on Mr. Collins, I think. For your
sake,” turning to Charlotte, “I am glad of it; but otherwise I see no
occasion for entailing estates from the female line. It was not thought
necessary in Sir Lewis de Bourgh's family. Do you play and sing, Miss
Bennet?”

“A little.”

“Oh! then--some time or other we shall be happy to hear you. Our
instrument is a capital one, probably superior to----You shall try it
some day. Do your sisters play and sing?”

“One of them does.”

“Why did not you all learn? You ought all to have learned. The Miss
Webbs all play, and their father has not so good an income as yours. Do
you draw?”

“No, not at all.”

“What, none of you?”

“Not one.”

“That is very strange. But I suppose you had no opportunity. Your mother
should have taken you to town every spring for the benefit of masters.”

“My mother would have had no objection, but my father hates London.”

“Has your governess left you?”

“We never had any governess.”

“No governess! How was that possible? Five daughters brought up at home
without a governess! I never heard of such a thing. Your mother must
have been quite a slave to your education.”

Elizabeth could hardly help smiling as she assured her that had not been
the case.

“Then, who taught you? who attended to you? Without a governess, you
must have been neglected.”

“Compared with some families, I believe we were; but such of us as
wished to learn never wanted the means. We were always encouraged to
read, and had all the masters that were necessary. Those who chose to be
idle, certainly might.”

“Aye, no doubt; but that is what a governess will prevent, and if I had
known your mother, I should have advised her most strenuously to engage
one. I always say that nothing is to be done in education without steady
and regular instruction, and nobody but a governess can give it. It is
wonderful how many families I have been the means of supplying in that
way. I am always glad to get a young person well placed out. Four nieces
of Mrs. Jenkinson are most delightfully situated through my means; and
it was but the other day that I recommended another young person,
who was merely accidentally mentioned to me, and the family are quite
delighted with her. Mrs. Collins, did I tell you of Lady Metcalf's
calling yesterday to thank me? She finds Miss Pope a treasure. 'Lady
Catherine,' said she, 'you have given me a treasure.' Are any of your
younger sisters out, Miss Bennet?”

“Yes, ma'am, all.”

“All! What, all five out at once? Very odd! And you only the second. The
younger ones out before the elder ones are married! Your younger sisters
must be very young?”

“Yes, my youngest is not sixteen. Perhaps _she_ is full young to be
much in company. But really, ma'am, I think it would be very hard upon
younger sisters, that they should not have their share of society and
amusement, because the elder may not have the means or inclination to
marry early. The last-born has as good a right to the pleasures of youth
as the first. And to be kept back on _such_ a motive! I think it would
not be very likely to promote sisterly affection or delicacy of mind.”

“Upon my word,” said her ladyship, “you give your opinion very decidedly
for so young a person. Pray, what is your age?”

“With three younger sisters grown up,” replied Elizabeth, smiling, “your
ladyship can hardly expect me to own it.”

Lady Catherine seemed quite astonished at not receiving a direct answer;
and Elizabeth suspected herself to be the first creature who had ever
dared to trifle with so much dignified impertinence.

“You cannot be more than twenty, I am sure, therefore you need not
conceal your age.”

“I am not one-and-twenty.”

When the gentlemen had joined them, and tea was over, the card-tables
were placed. Lady Catherine, Sir William, and Mr. and Mrs. Collins sat
down to quadrille; and as Miss de Bourgh chose to play at cassino, the
two girls had the honour of assisting Mrs. Jenkinson to make up her
party. Their table was superlatively stupid. Scarcely a syllable was
uttered that did not relate to the game, except when Mrs. Jenkinson
expressed her fears of Miss de Bourgh's being too hot or too cold, or
having too much or too little light. A great deal more passed at the
other table. Lady Catherine was generally speaking--stating the mistakes
of the three others, or relating some anecdote of herself. Mr. Collins
was employed in agreeing to everything her ladyship said, thanking her
for every fish he won, and apologising if he thought he won too many.
Sir William did not say much. He was storing his memory with anecdotes
and noble names.

When Lady Catherine and her daughter had played as long as they chose,
the tables were broken up, the carriage was offered to Mrs. Collins,
gratefully accepted and immediately ordered. The party then gathered
round the fire to hear Lady Catherine determine what weather they were
to have on the morrow. From these instructions they were summoned by
the arrival of the coach; and with many speeches of thankfulness on Mr.
Collins's side and as many bows on Sir William's they departed. As soon
as they had driven from the door, Elizabeth was called on by her cousin
to give her opinion of all that she had seen at Rosings, which, for
Charlotte's sake, she made more favourable than it really was. But her
commendation, though costing her some trouble, could by no means satisfy
Mr. Collins, and he was very soon obliged to take her ladyship's praise
into his own hands.



Chapter 30


Sir William stayed only a week at Hunsford, but his visit was long
enough to convince him of his daughter's being most comfortably settled,
and of her possessing such a husband and such a neighbour as were not
often met with. While Sir William was with them, Mr. Collins devoted his
morning to driving him out in his gig, and showing him the country; but
when he went away, the whole family returned to their usual employments,
and Elizabeth was thankful to find that they did not see more of her
cousin by the alteration, for the chief of the time between breakfast
and dinner was now passed by him either at work in the garden or in
reading and writing, and looking out of the window in his own book-room,
which fronted the road. The room in which the ladies sat was backwards.
Elizabeth had at first rather wondered that Charlotte should not prefer
the dining-parlour for common use; it was a better sized room, and had a
more pleasant aspect; but she soon saw that her friend had an excellent
reason for what she did, for Mr. Collins would undoubtedly have been
much less in his own apartment, had they sat in one equally lively; and
she gave Charlotte credit for the arrangement.

From the drawing-room they could distinguish nothing in the lane, and
were indebted to Mr. Collins for the knowledge of what carriages went
along, and how often especially Miss de Bourgh drove by in her phaeton,
which he never failed coming to inform them of, though it happened
almost every day. She not unfrequently stopped at the Parsonage, and
had a few minutes' conversation with Charlotte, but was scarcely ever
prevailed upon to get out.

Very few days passed in which Mr. Collins did not walk to Rosings, and
not many in which his wife did not think it necessary to go likewise;
and till Elizabeth recollected that there might be other family livings
to be disposed of, she could not understand the sacrifice of so many
hours. Now and then they were honoured with a call from her ladyship,
and nothing escaped her observation that was passing in the room during
these visits. She examined into their employments, looked at their work,
and advised them to do it differently; found fault with the arrangement
of the furniture; or detected the housemaid in negligence; and if she
accepted any refreshment, seemed to do it only for the sake of finding
out that Mrs. Collins's joints of meat were too large for her family.

Elizabeth soon perceived, that though this great lady was not in
commission of the peace of the county, she was a most active magistrate
in her own parish, the minutest concerns of which were carried to her
by Mr. Collins; and whenever any of the cottagers were disposed to
be quarrelsome, discontented, or too poor, she sallied forth into the
village to settle their differences, silence their complaints, and scold
them into harmony and plenty.

The entertainment of dining at Rosings was repeated about twice a week;
and, allowing for the loss of Sir William, and there being only one
card-table in the evening, every such entertainment was the counterpart
of the first. Their other engagements were few, as the style of living
in the neighbourhood in general was beyond Mr. Collins's reach. This,
however, was no evil to Elizabeth, and upon the whole she spent her time
comfortably enough; there were half-hours of pleasant conversation with
Charlotte, and the weather was so fine for the time of year that she had
often great enjoyment out of doors. Her favourite walk, and where she
frequently went while the others were calling on Lady Catherine, was
along the open grove which edged that side of the park, where there was
a nice sheltered path, which no one seemed to value but herself, and
where she felt beyond the reach of Lady Catherine's curiosity.

In this quiet way, the first fortnight of her visit soon passed away.
Easter was approaching, and the week preceding it was to bring an
addition to the family at Rosings, which in so small a circle must be
important. Elizabeth had heard soon after her arrival that Mr. Darcy was
expected there in the course of a few weeks, and though there were not
many of her acquaintances whom she did not prefer, his coming would
furnish one comparatively new to look at in their Rosings parties, and
she might be amused in seeing how hopeless Miss Bingley's designs on him
were, by his behaviour to his cousin, for whom he was evidently
destined by Lady Catherine, who talked of his coming with the greatest
satisfaction, spoke of him in terms of the highest admiration, and
seemed almost angry to find that he had already been frequently seen by
Miss Lucas and herself.

His arrival was soon known at the Parsonage; for Mr. Collins was walking
the whole morning within view of the lodges opening into Hunsford Lane,
in order to have the earliest assurance of it, and after making his
bow as the carriage turned into the Park, hurried home with the great
intelligence. On the following morning he hastened to Rosings to pay his
respects. There were two nephews of Lady Catherine to require them, for
Mr. Darcy had brought with him a Colonel Fitzwilliam, the younger son of
his uncle Lord ----, and, to the great surprise of all the party, when
Mr. Collins returned, the gentlemen accompanied him. Charlotte had seen
them from her husband's room, crossing the road, and immediately running
into the other, told the girls what an honour they might expect, adding:

“I may thank you, Eliza, for this piece of civility. Mr. Darcy would
never have come so soon to wait upon me.”

Elizabeth had scarcely time to disclaim all right to the compliment,
before their approach was announced by the door-bell, and shortly
afterwards the three gentlemen entered the room. Colonel Fitzwilliam,
who led the way, was about thirty, not handsome, but in person and
address most truly the gentleman. Mr. Darcy looked just as he had been
used to look in Hertfordshire--paid his compliments, with his usual
reserve, to Mrs. Collins, and whatever might be his feelings toward her
friend, met her with every appearance of composure. Elizabeth merely
curtseyed to him without saying a word.

Colonel Fitzwilliam entered into conversation directly with the
readiness and ease of a well-bred man, and talked very pleasantly; but
his cousin, after having addressed a slight observation on the house and
garden to Mrs. Collins, sat for some time without speaking to anybody.
At length, however, his civility was so far awakened as to inquire of
Elizabeth after the health of her family. She answered him in the usual
way, and after a moment's pause, added:

“My eldest sister has been in town these three months. Have you never
happened to see her there?”

She was perfectly sensible that he never had; but she wished to see
whether he would betray any consciousness of what had passed between
the Bingleys and Jane, and she thought he looked a little confused as he
answered that he had never been so fortunate as to meet Miss Bennet. The
subject was pursued no farther, and the gentlemen soon afterwards went
away.



Chapter 31


Colonel Fitzwilliam's manners were very much admired at the Parsonage,
and the ladies all felt that he must add considerably to the pleasures
of their engagements at Rosings. It was some days, however, before they
received any invitation thither--for while there were visitors in the
house, they could not be necessary; and it was not till Easter-day,
almost a week after the gentlemen's arrival, that they were honoured by
such an attention, and then they were merely asked on leaving church to
come there in the evening. For the last week they had seen very little
of Lady Catherine or her daughter. Colonel Fitzwilliam had called at the
Parsonage more than once during the time, but Mr. Darcy they had seen
only at church.

The invitation was accepted of course, and at a proper hour they joined
the party in Lady Catherine's drawing-room. Her ladyship received
them civilly, but it was plain that their company was by no means so
acceptable as when she could get nobody else; and she was, in fact,
almost engrossed by her nephews, speaking to them, especially to Darcy,
much more than to any other person in the room.

Colonel Fitzwilliam seemed really glad to see them; anything was a
welcome relief to him at Rosings; and Mrs. Collins's pretty friend had
moreover caught his fancy very much. He now seated himself by her, and
talked so agreeably of Kent and Hertfordshire, of travelling and staying
at home, of new books and music, that Elizabeth had never been half so
well entertained in that room before; and they conversed with so much
spirit and flow, as to draw the attention of Lady Catherine herself,
as well as of Mr. Darcy. _His_ eyes had been soon and repeatedly turned
towards them with a look of curiosity; and that her ladyship, after a
while, shared the feeling, was more openly acknowledged, for she did not
scruple to call out:

“What is that you are saying, Fitzwilliam? What is it you are talking
of? What are you telling Miss Bennet? Let me hear what it is.”

“We are speaking of music, madam,” said he, when no longer able to avoid
a reply.

“Of music! Then pray speak aloud. It is of all subjects my delight. I
must have my share in the conversation if you are speaking of music.
There are few people in England, I suppose, who have more true enjoyment
of music than myself, or a better natural taste. If I had ever learnt,
I should have been a great proficient. And so would Anne, if her health
had allowed her to apply. I am confident that she would have performed
delightfully. How does Georgiana get on, Darcy?”

Mr. Darcy spoke with affectionate praise of his sister's proficiency.

“I am very glad to hear such a good account of her,” said Lady
Catherine; “and pray tell her from me, that she cannot expect to excel
if she does not practice a good deal.”

“I assure you, madam,” he replied, “that she does not need such advice.
She practises very constantly.”

“So much the better. It cannot be done too much; and when I next write
to her, I shall charge her not to neglect it on any account. I often
tell young ladies that no excellence in music is to be acquired without
constant practice. I have told Miss Bennet several times, that she
will never play really well unless she practises more; and though Mrs.
Collins has no instrument, she is very welcome, as I have often told
her, to come to Rosings every day, and play on the pianoforte in Mrs.
Jenkinson's room. She would be in nobody's way, you know, in that part
of the house.”

Mr. Darcy looked a little ashamed of his aunt's ill-breeding, and made
no answer.

When coffee was over, Colonel Fitzwilliam reminded Elizabeth of having
promised to play to him; and she sat down directly to the instrument. He
drew a chair near her. Lady Catherine listened to half a song, and then
talked, as before, to her other nephew; till the latter walked away
from her, and making with his usual deliberation towards the pianoforte
stationed himself so as to command a full view of the fair performer's
countenance. Elizabeth saw what he was doing, and at the first
convenient pause, turned to him with an arch smile, and said:

“You mean to frighten me, Mr. Darcy, by coming in all this state to hear
me? I will not be alarmed though your sister _does_ play so well. There
is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the
will of others. My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate
me.”

“I shall not say you are mistaken,” he replied, “because you could not
really believe me to entertain any design of alarming you; and I have
had the pleasure of your acquaintance long enough to know that you find
great enjoyment in occasionally professing opinions which in fact are
not your own.”

Elizabeth laughed heartily at this picture of herself, and said to
Colonel Fitzwilliam, “Your cousin will give you a very pretty notion of
me, and teach you not to believe a word I say. I am particularly unlucky
in meeting with a person so able to expose my real character, in a part
of the world where I had hoped to pass myself off with some degree of
credit. Indeed, Mr. Darcy, it is very ungenerous in you to mention all
that you knew to my disadvantage in Hertfordshire--and, give me leave to
say, very impolitic too--for it is provoking me to retaliate, and such
things may come out as will shock your relations to hear.”

“I am not afraid of you,” said he, smilingly.

“Pray let me hear what you have to accuse him of,” cried Colonel
Fitzwilliam. “I should like to know how he behaves among strangers.”

“You shall hear then--but prepare yourself for something very dreadful.
The first time of my ever seeing him in Hertfordshire, you must know,
was at a ball--and at this ball, what do you think he did? He danced
only four dances, though gentlemen were scarce; and, to my certain
knowledge, more than one young lady was sitting down in want of a
partner. Mr. Darcy, you cannot deny the fact.”

“I had not at that time the honour of knowing any lady in the assembly
beyond my own party.”

“True; and nobody can ever be introduced in a ball-room. Well, Colonel
Fitzwilliam, what do I play next? My fingers wait your orders.”

“Perhaps,” said Darcy, “I should have judged better, had I sought an
introduction; but I am ill-qualified to recommend myself to strangers.”

“Shall we ask your cousin the reason of this?” said Elizabeth, still
addressing Colonel Fitzwilliam. “Shall we ask him why a man of sense and
education, and who has lived in the world, is ill qualified to recommend
himself to strangers?”

“I can answer your question,” said Fitzwilliam, “without applying to
him. It is because he will not give himself the trouble.”

“I certainly have not the talent which some people possess,” said Darcy,
“of conversing easily with those I have never seen before. I cannot
catch their tone of conversation, or appear interested in their
concerns, as I often see done.”

“My fingers,” said Elizabeth, “do not move over this instrument in the
masterly manner which I see so many women's do. They have not the same
force or rapidity, and do not produce the same expression. But then I
have always supposed it to be my own fault--because I will not take the
trouble of practising. It is not that I do not believe _my_ fingers as
capable as any other woman's of superior execution.”

Darcy smiled and said, “You are perfectly right. You have employed your
time much better. No one admitted to the privilege of hearing you can
think anything wanting. We neither of us perform to strangers.”

Here they were interrupted by Lady Catherine, who called out to know
what they were talking of. Elizabeth immediately began playing again.
Lady Catherine approached, and, after listening for a few minutes, said
to Darcy:

“Miss Bennet would not play at all amiss if she practised more, and
could have the advantage of a London master. She has a very good notion
of fingering, though her taste is not equal to Anne's. Anne would have
been a delightful performer, had her health allowed her to learn.”

Elizabeth looked at Darcy to see how cordially he assented to his
cousin's praise; but neither at that moment nor at any other could she
discern any symptom of love; and from the whole of his behaviour to Miss
de Bourgh she derived this comfort for Miss Bingley, that he might have
been just as likely to marry _her_, had she been his relation.

Lady Catherine continued her remarks on Elizabeth's performance, mixing
with them many instructions on execution and taste. Elizabeth received
them with all the forbearance of civility, and, at the request of the
gentlemen, remained at the instrument till her ladyship's carriage was
ready to take them all home.



Chapter 32


Elizabeth was sitting by herself the next morning, and writing to Jane
while Mrs. Collins and Maria were gone on business into the village,
when she was startled by a ring at the door, the certain signal of a
visitor. As she had heard no carriage, she thought it not unlikely to
be Lady Catherine, and under that apprehension was putting away her
half-finished letter that she might escape all impertinent questions,
when the door opened, and, to her very great surprise, Mr. Darcy, and
Mr. Darcy only, entered the room.

He seemed astonished too on finding her alone, and apologised for his
intrusion by letting her know that he had understood all the ladies were
to be within.

They then sat down, and when her inquiries after Rosings were made,
seemed in danger of sinking into total silence. It was absolutely
necessary, therefore, to think of something, and in this emergence
recollecting _when_ she had seen him last in Hertfordshire, and
feeling curious to know what he would say on the subject of their hasty
departure, she observed:

“How very suddenly you all quitted Netherfield last November, Mr. Darcy!
It must have been a most agreeable surprise to Mr. Bingley to see you
all after him so soon; for, if I recollect right, he went but the day
before. He and his sisters were well, I hope, when you left London?”

“Perfectly so, I thank you.”

She found that she was to receive no other answer, and, after a short
pause added:

“I think I have understood that Mr. Bingley has not much idea of ever
returning to Netherfield again?”

“I have never heard him say so; but it is probable that he may spend
very little of his time there in the future. He has many friends, and
is at a time of life when friends and engagements are continually
increasing.”

“If he means to be but little at Netherfield, it would be better for
the neighbourhood that he should give up the place entirely, for then we
might possibly get a settled family there. But, perhaps, Mr. Bingley did
not take the house so much for the convenience of the neighbourhood as
for his own, and we must expect him to keep it or quit it on the same
principle.”

“I should not be surprised,” said Darcy, “if he were to give it up as
soon as any eligible purchase offers.”

Elizabeth made no answer. She was afraid of talking longer of his
friend; and, having nothing else to say, was now determined to leave the
trouble of finding a subject to him.

He took the hint, and soon began with, “This seems a very comfortable
house. Lady Catherine, I believe, did a great deal to it when Mr.
Collins first came to Hunsford.”

“I believe she did--and I am sure she could not have bestowed her
kindness on a more grateful object.”

“Mr. Collins appears to be very fortunate in his choice of a wife.”

“Yes, indeed, his friends may well rejoice in his having met with one
of the very few sensible women who would have accepted him, or have made
him happy if they had. My friend has an excellent understanding--though
I am not certain that I consider her marrying Mr. Collins as the
wisest thing she ever did. She seems perfectly happy, however, and in a
prudential light it is certainly a very good match for her.”

“It must be very agreeable for her to be settled within so easy a
distance of her own family and friends.”

“An easy distance, do you call it? It is nearly fifty miles.”

“And what is fifty miles of good road? Little more than half a day's
journey. Yes, I call it a _very_ easy distance.”

“I should never have considered the distance as one of the _advantages_
of the match,” cried Elizabeth. “I should never have said Mrs. Collins
was settled _near_ her family.”

“It is a proof of your own attachment to Hertfordshire. Anything beyond
the very neighbourhood of Longbourn, I suppose, would appear far.”

As he spoke there was a sort of smile which Elizabeth fancied she
understood; he must be supposing her to be thinking of Jane and
Netherfield, and she blushed as she answered:

“I do not mean to say that a woman may not be settled too near her
family. The far and the near must be relative, and depend on many
varying circumstances. Where there is fortune to make the expenses of
travelling unimportant, distance becomes no evil. But that is not the
case _here_. Mr. and Mrs. Collins have a comfortable income, but not
such a one as will allow of frequent journeys--and I am persuaded my
friend would not call herself _near_ her family under less than _half_
the present distance.”

Mr. Darcy drew his chair a little towards her, and said, “_You_ cannot
have a right to such very strong local attachment. _You_ cannot have
been always at Longbourn.”

Elizabeth looked surprised. The gentleman experienced some change of
feeling; he drew back his chair, took a newspaper from the table, and
glancing over it, said, in a colder voice:

“Are you pleased with Kent?”

A short dialogue on the subject of the country ensued, on either side
calm and concise--and soon put an end to by the entrance of Charlotte
and her sister, just returned from her walk. The tete-a-tete surprised
them. Mr. Darcy related the mistake which had occasioned his intruding
on Miss Bennet, and after sitting a few minutes longer without saying
much to anybody, went away.

“What can be the meaning of this?” said Charlotte, as soon as he was
gone. “My dear, Eliza, he must be in love with you, or he would never
have called us in this familiar way.”

But when Elizabeth told of his silence, it did not seem very likely,
even to Charlotte's wishes, to be the case; and after various
conjectures, they could at last only suppose his visit to proceed from
the difficulty of finding anything to do, which was the more probable
from the time of year. All field sports were over. Within doors there
was Lady Catherine, books, and a billiard-table, but gentlemen cannot
always be within doors; and in the nearness of the Parsonage, or the
pleasantness of the walk to it, or of the people who lived in it, the
two cousins found a temptation from this period of walking thither
almost every day. They called at various times of the morning, sometimes
separately, sometimes together, and now and then accompanied by their
aunt. It was plain to them all that Colonel Fitzwilliam came because he
had pleasure in their society, a persuasion which of course recommended
him still more; and Elizabeth was reminded by her own satisfaction in
being with him, as well as by his evident admiration of her, of her
former favourite George Wickham; and though, in comparing them, she saw
there was less captivating softness in Colonel Fitzwilliam's manners,
she believed he might have the best informed mind.

But why Mr. Darcy came so often to the Parsonage, it was more difficult
to understand. It could not be for society, as he frequently sat there
ten minutes together without opening his lips; and when he did speak,
it seemed the effect of necessity rather than of choice--a sacrifice
to propriety, not a pleasure to himself. He seldom appeared really
animated. Mrs. Collins knew not what to make of him. Colonel
Fitzwilliam's occasionally laughing at his stupidity, proved that he was
generally different, which her own knowledge of him could not have told
her; and as she would liked to have believed this change the effect
of love, and the object of that love her friend Eliza, she set herself
seriously to work to find it out. She watched him whenever they were at
Rosings, and whenever he came to Hunsford; but without much success. He
certainly looked at her friend a great deal, but the expression of that
look was disputable. It was an earnest, steadfast gaze, but she often
doubted whether there were much admiration in it, and sometimes it
seemed nothing but absence of mind.

She had once or twice suggested to Elizabeth the possibility of his
being partial to her, but Elizabeth always laughed at the idea; and Mrs.
Collins did not think it right to press the subject, from the danger of
raising expectations which might only end in disappointment; for in her
opinion it admitted not of a doubt, that all her friend's dislike would
vanish, if she could suppose him to be in her power.


In her kind schemes for Elizabeth, she sometimes planned her marrying
Colonel Fitzwilliam. He was beyond comparison the most pleasant man; he
certainly admired her, and his situation in life was most eligible; but,
to counterbalance these advantages, Mr. Darcy had considerable patronage
in the church, and his cousin could have none at all.



Chapter 33


More than once did Elizabeth, in her ramble within the park,
unexpectedly meet Mr. Darcy. She felt all the perverseness of the
mischance that should bring him where no one else was brought, and, to
prevent its ever happening again, took care to inform him at first that
it was a favourite haunt of hers. How it could occur a second time,
therefore, was very odd! Yet it did, and even a third. It seemed like
wilful ill-nature, or a voluntary penance, for on these occasions it was
not merely a few formal inquiries and an awkward pause and then away,
but he actually thought it necessary to turn back and walk with her. He
never said a great deal, nor did she give herself the trouble of talking
or of listening much; but it struck her in the course of their third
rencontre that he was asking some odd unconnected questions--about
her pleasure in being at Hunsford, her love of solitary walks, and her
opinion of Mr. and Mrs. Collins's happiness; and that in speaking of
Rosings and her not perfectly understanding the house, he seemed to
expect that whenever she came into Kent again she would be staying
_there_ too. His words seemed to imply it. Could he have Colonel
Fitzwilliam in his thoughts? She supposed, if he meant anything, he must
mean an allusion to what might arise in that quarter. It distressed
her a little, and she was quite glad to find herself at the gate in the
pales opposite the Parsonage.

She was engaged one day as she walked, in perusing Jane's last letter,
and dwelling on some passages which proved that Jane had not written in
spirits, when, instead of being again surprised by Mr. Darcy, she saw
on looking up that Colonel Fitzwilliam was meeting her. Putting away the
letter immediately and forcing a smile, she said:

“I did not know before that you ever walked this way.”

“I have been making the tour of the park,” he replied, “as I generally
do every year, and intend to close it with a call at the Parsonage. Are
you going much farther?”

“No, I should have turned in a moment.”

And accordingly she did turn, and they walked towards the Parsonage
together.

“Do you certainly leave Kent on Saturday?” said she.

“Yes--if Darcy does not put it off again. But I am at his disposal. He
arranges the business just as he pleases.”

“And if not able to please himself in the arrangement, he has at least
pleasure in the great power of choice. I do not know anybody who seems
more to enjoy the power of doing what he likes than Mr. Darcy.”

“He likes to have his own way very well,” replied Colonel Fitzwilliam.
“But so we all do. It is only that he has better means of having it
than many others, because he is rich, and many others are poor. I speak
feelingly. A younger son, you know, must be inured to self-denial and
dependence.”

“In my opinion, the younger son of an earl can know very little of
either. Now seriously, what have you ever known of self-denial and
dependence? When have you been prevented by want of money from going
wherever you chose, or procuring anything you had a fancy for?”

“These are home questions--and perhaps I cannot say that I have
experienced many hardships of that nature. But in matters of greater
weight, I may suffer from want of money. Younger sons cannot marry where
they like.”

“Unless where they like women of fortune, which I think they very often
do.”

“Our habits of expense make us too dependent, and there are not many
in my rank of life who can afford to marry without some attention to
money.”

“Is this,” thought Elizabeth, “meant for me?” and she coloured at the
idea; but, recovering herself, said in a lively tone, “And pray, what
is the usual price of an earl's younger son? Unless the elder brother is
very sickly, I suppose you would not ask above fifty thousand pounds.”

He answered her in the same style, and the subject dropped. To interrupt
a silence which might make him fancy her affected with what had passed,
she soon afterwards said:

“I imagine your cousin brought you down with him chiefly for the sake of
having someone at his disposal. I wonder he does not marry, to secure a
lasting convenience of that kind. But, perhaps, his sister does as well
for the present, and, as she is under his sole care, he may do what he
likes with her.”

“No,” said Colonel Fitzwilliam, “that is an advantage which he must
divide with me. I am joined with him in the guardianship of Miss Darcy.”

“Are you indeed? And pray what sort of guardians do you make? Does your
charge give you much trouble? Young ladies of her age are sometimes a
little difficult to manage, and if she has the true Darcy spirit, she
may like to have her own way.”

As she spoke she observed him looking at her earnestly; and the manner
in which he immediately asked her why she supposed Miss Darcy likely to
give them any uneasiness, convinced her that she had somehow or other
got pretty near the truth. She directly replied:

“You need not be frightened. I never heard any harm of her; and I dare
say she is one of the most tractable creatures in the world. She is a
very great favourite with some ladies of my acquaintance, Mrs. Hurst and
Miss Bingley. I think I have heard you say that you know them.”

“I know them a little. Their brother is a pleasant gentlemanlike man--he
is a great friend of Darcy's.”

“Oh! yes,” said Elizabeth drily; “Mr. Darcy is uncommonly kind to Mr.
Bingley, and takes a prodigious deal of care of him.”

“Care of him! Yes, I really believe Darcy _does_ take care of him in
those points where he most wants care. From something that he told me in
our journey hither, I have reason to think Bingley very much indebted to
him. But I ought to beg his pardon, for I have no right to suppose that
Bingley was the person meant. It was all conjecture.”

“What is it you mean?”

“It is a circumstance which Darcy could not wish to be generally known,
because if it were to get round to the lady's family, it would be an
unpleasant thing.”

“You may depend upon my not mentioning it.”

“And remember that I have not much reason for supposing it to be
Bingley. What he told me was merely this: that he congratulated himself
on having lately saved a friend from the inconveniences of a most
imprudent marriage, but without mentioning names or any other
particulars, and I only suspected it to be Bingley from believing
him the kind of young man to get into a scrape of that sort, and from
knowing them to have been together the whole of last summer.”

“Did Mr. Darcy give you reasons for this interference?”

“I understood that there were some very strong objections against the
lady.”

“And what arts did he use to separate them?”

“He did not talk to me of his own arts,” said Fitzwilliam, smiling. “He
only told me what I have now told you.”

Elizabeth made no answer, and walked on, her heart swelling with
indignation. After watching her a little, Fitzwilliam asked her why she
was so thoughtful.

“I am thinking of what you have been telling me,” said she. “Your
cousin's conduct does not suit my feelings. Why was he to be the judge?”

“You are rather disposed to call his interference officious?”

“I do not see what right Mr. Darcy had to decide on the propriety of his
friend's inclination, or why, upon his own judgement alone, he was to
determine and direct in what manner his friend was to be happy.
But,” she continued, recollecting herself, “as we know none of the
particulars, it is not fair to condemn him. It is not to be supposed
that there was much affection in the case.”

“That is not an unnatural surmise,” said Fitzwilliam, “but it is a
lessening of the honour of my cousin's triumph very sadly.”

This was spoken jestingly; but it appeared to her so just a picture
of Mr. Darcy, that she would not trust herself with an answer, and
therefore, abruptly changing the conversation talked on indifferent
matters until they reached the Parsonage. There, shut into her own room,
as soon as their visitor left them, she could think without interruption
of all that she had heard. It was not to be supposed that any other
people could be meant than those with whom she was connected. There
could not exist in the world _two_ men over whom Mr. Darcy could have
such boundless influence. That he had been concerned in the measures
taken to separate Bingley and Jane she had never doubted; but she had
always attributed to Miss Bingley the principal design and arrangement
of them. If his own vanity, however, did not mislead him, _he_ was
the cause, his pride and caprice were the cause, of all that Jane had
suffered, and still continued to suffer. He had ruined for a while
every hope of happiness for the most affectionate, generous heart in the
world; and no one could say how lasting an evil he might have inflicted.

“There were some very strong objections against the lady,” were Colonel
Fitzwilliam's words; and those strong objections probably were, her
having one uncle who was a country attorney, and another who was in
business in London.

“To Jane herself,” she exclaimed, “there could be no possibility of
objection; all loveliness and goodness as she is!--her understanding
excellent, her mind improved, and her manners captivating. Neither
could anything be urged against my father, who, though with some
peculiarities, has abilities Mr. Darcy himself need not disdain, and
respectability which he will probably never reach.” When she thought of
her mother, her confidence gave way a little; but she would not allow
that any objections _there_ had material weight with Mr. Darcy, whose
pride, she was convinced, would receive a deeper wound from the want of
importance in his friend's connections, than from their want of sense;
and she was quite decided, at last, that he had been partly governed
by this worst kind of pride, and partly by the wish of retaining Mr.
Bingley for his sister.

The agitation and tears which the subject occasioned, brought on a
headache; and it grew so much worse towards the evening, that, added to
her unwillingness to see Mr. Darcy, it determined her not to attend her
cousins to Rosings, where they were engaged to drink tea. Mrs. Collins,
seeing that she was really unwell, did not press her to go and as much
as possible prevented her husband from pressing her; but Mr. Collins
could not conceal his apprehension of Lady Catherine's being rather
displeased by her staying at home.



Chapter 34


When they were gone, Elizabeth, as if intending to exasperate herself
as much as possible against Mr. Darcy, chose for her employment the
examination of all the letters which Jane had written to her since her
being in Kent. They contained no actual complaint, nor was there any
revival of past occurrences, or any communication of present suffering.
But in all, and in almost every line of each, there was a want of that
cheerfulness which had been used to characterise her style, and which,
proceeding from the serenity of a mind at ease with itself and kindly
disposed towards everyone, had been scarcely ever clouded. Elizabeth
noticed every sentence conveying the idea of uneasiness, with an
attention which it had hardly received on the first perusal. Mr. Darcy's
shameful boast of what misery he had been able to inflict, gave her
a keener sense of her sister's sufferings. It was some consolation
to think that his visit to Rosings was to end on the day after the
next--and, a still greater, that in less than a fortnight she should
herself be with Jane again, and enabled to contribute to the recovery of
her spirits, by all that affection could do.

She could not think of Darcy's leaving Kent without remembering that
his cousin was to go with him; but Colonel Fitzwilliam had made it clear
that he had no intentions at all, and agreeable as he was, she did not
mean to be unhappy about him.

While settling this point, she was suddenly roused by the sound of the
door-bell, and her spirits were a little fluttered by the idea of its
being Colonel Fitzwilliam himself, who had once before called late in
the evening, and might now come to inquire particularly after her.
But this idea was soon banished, and her spirits were very differently
affected, when, to her utter amazement, she saw Mr. Darcy walk into the
room. In an hurried manner he immediately began an inquiry after her
health, imputing his visit to a wish of hearing that she were better.
She answered him with cold civility. He sat down for a few moments, and
then getting up, walked about the room. Elizabeth was surprised, but
said not a word. After a silence of several minutes, he came towards her
in an agitated manner, and thus began:

“In vain I have struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be
repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love
you.”

Elizabeth's astonishment was beyond expression. She stared, coloured,
doubted, and was silent. This he considered sufficient encouragement;
and the avowal of all that he felt, and had long felt for her,
immediately followed. He spoke well; but there were feelings besides
those of the heart to be detailed; and he was not more eloquent on the
subject of tenderness than of pride. His sense of her inferiority--of
its being a degradation--of the family obstacles which had always
opposed to inclination, were dwelt on with a warmth which seemed due to
the consequence he was wounding, but was very unlikely to recommend his
suit.

In spite of her deeply-rooted dislike, she could not be insensible to
the compliment of such a man's affection, and though her intentions did
not vary for an instant, she was at first sorry for the pain he was to
receive; till, roused to resentment by his subsequent language, she
lost all compassion in anger. She tried, however, to compose herself to
answer him with patience, when he should have done. He concluded with
representing to her the strength of that attachment which, in spite
of all his endeavours, he had found impossible to conquer; and with
expressing his hope that it would now be rewarded by her acceptance of
his hand. As he said this, she could easily see that he had no doubt
of a favourable answer. He _spoke_ of apprehension and anxiety, but
his countenance expressed real security. Such a circumstance could
only exasperate farther, and, when he ceased, the colour rose into her
cheeks, and she said:

“In such cases as this, it is, I believe, the established mode to
express a sense of obligation for the sentiments avowed, however
unequally they may be returned. It is natural that obligation should
be felt, and if I could _feel_ gratitude, I would now thank you. But I
cannot--I have never desired your good opinion, and you have certainly
bestowed it most unwillingly. I am sorry to have occasioned pain to
anyone. It has been most unconsciously done, however, and I hope will be
of short duration. The feelings which, you tell me, have long prevented
the acknowledgment of your regard, can have little difficulty in
overcoming it after this explanation.”

Mr. Darcy, who was leaning against the mantelpiece with his eyes fixed
on her face, seemed to catch her words with no less resentment than
surprise. His complexion became pale with anger, and the disturbance
of his mind was visible in every feature. He was struggling for the
appearance of composure, and would not open his lips till he believed
himself to have attained it. The pause was to Elizabeth's feelings
dreadful. At length, with a voice of forced calmness, he said:

“And this is all the reply which I am to have the honour of expecting!
I might, perhaps, wish to be informed why, with so little _endeavour_ at
civility, I am thus rejected. But it is of small importance.”

“I might as well inquire,” replied she, “why with so evident a desire
of offending and insulting me, you chose to tell me that you liked me
against your will, against your reason, and even against your character?
Was not this some excuse for incivility, if I _was_ uncivil? But I have
other provocations. You know I have. Had not my feelings decided against
you--had they been indifferent, or had they even been favourable, do you
think that any consideration would tempt me to accept the man who has
been the means of ruining, perhaps for ever, the happiness of a most
beloved sister?”

As she pronounced these words, Mr. Darcy changed colour; but the emotion
was short, and he listened without attempting to interrupt her while she
continued:

“I have every reason in the world to think ill of you. No motive can
excuse the unjust and ungenerous part you acted _there_. You dare not,
you cannot deny, that you have been the principal, if not the only means
of dividing them from each other--of exposing one to the censure of the
world for caprice and instability, and the other to its derision for
disappointed hopes, and involving them both in misery of the acutest
kind.”

She paused, and saw with no slight indignation that he was listening
with an air which proved him wholly unmoved by any feeling of remorse.
He even looked at her with a smile of affected incredulity.

“Can you deny that you have done it?” she repeated.

With assumed tranquillity he then replied: “I have no wish of denying
that I did everything in my power to separate my friend from your
sister, or that I rejoice in my success. Towards _him_ I have been
kinder than towards myself.”

Elizabeth disdained the appearance of noticing this civil reflection,
but its meaning did not escape, nor was it likely to conciliate her.

“But it is not merely this affair,” she continued, “on which my dislike
is founded. Long before it had taken place my opinion of you was
decided. Your character was unfolded in the recital which I received
many months ago from Mr. Wickham. On this subject, what can you have to
say? In what imaginary act of friendship can you here defend yourself?
or under what misrepresentation can you here impose upon others?”

“You take an eager interest in that gentleman's concerns,” said Darcy,
in a less tranquil tone, and with a heightened colour.

“Who that knows what his misfortunes have been, can help feeling an
interest in him?”

“His misfortunes!” repeated Darcy contemptuously; “yes, his misfortunes
have been great indeed.”

“And of your infliction,” cried Elizabeth with energy. “You have reduced
him to his present state of poverty--comparative poverty. You have
withheld the advantages which you must know to have been designed for
him. You have deprived the best years of his life of that independence
which was no less his due than his desert. You have done all this!
and yet you can treat the mention of his misfortune with contempt and
ridicule.”

“And this,” cried Darcy, as he walked with quick steps across the room,
“is your opinion of me! This is the estimation in which you hold me!
I thank you for explaining it so fully. My faults, according to this
calculation, are heavy indeed! But perhaps,” added he, stopping in
his walk, and turning towards her, “these offenses might have been
overlooked, had not your pride been hurt by my honest confession of the
scruples that had long prevented my forming any serious design. These
bitter accusations might have been suppressed, had I, with greater
policy, concealed my struggles, and flattered you into the belief of
my being impelled by unqualified, unalloyed inclination; by reason, by
reflection, by everything. But disguise of every sort is my abhorrence.
Nor am I ashamed of the feelings I related. They were natural and
just. Could you expect me to rejoice in the inferiority of your
connections?--to congratulate myself on the hope of relations, whose
condition in life is so decidedly beneath my own?”

Elizabeth felt herself growing more angry every moment; yet she tried to
the utmost to speak with composure when she said:

“You are mistaken, Mr. Darcy, if you suppose that the mode of your
declaration affected me in any other way, than as it spared me the concern
which I might have felt in refusing you, had you behaved in a more
gentlemanlike manner.”

She saw him start at this, but he said nothing, and she continued:

“You could not have made the offer of your hand in any possible way that
would have tempted me to accept it.”

Again his astonishment was obvious; and he looked at her with an
expression of mingled incredulity and mortification. She went on:

“From the very beginning--from the first moment, I may almost say--of
my acquaintance with you, your manners, impressing me with the fullest
belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of
the feelings of others, were such as to form the groundwork of
disapprobation on which succeeding events have built so immovable a
dislike; and I had not known you a month before I felt that you were the
last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry.”

“You have said quite enough, madam. I perfectly comprehend your
feelings, and have now only to be ashamed of what my own have been.
Forgive me for having taken up so much of your time, and accept my best
wishes for your health and happiness.”

And with these words he hastily left the room, and Elizabeth heard him
the next moment open the front door and quit the house.

The tumult of her mind, was now painfully great. She knew not how
to support herself, and from actual weakness sat down and cried for
half-an-hour. Her astonishment, as she reflected on what had passed,
was increased by every review of it. That she should receive an offer of
marriage from Mr. Darcy! That he should have been in love with her for
so many months! So much in love as to wish to marry her in spite of
all the objections which had made him prevent his friend's marrying
her sister, and which must appear at least with equal force in his
own case--was almost incredible! It was gratifying to have inspired
unconsciously so strong an affection. But his pride, his abominable
pride--his shameless avowal of what he had done with respect to
Jane--his unpardonable assurance in acknowledging, though he could
not justify it, and the unfeeling manner in which he had mentioned Mr.
Wickham, his cruelty towards whom he had not attempted to deny, soon
overcame the pity which the consideration of his attachment had for
a moment excited. She continued in very agitated reflections till the
sound of Lady Catherine's carriage made her feel how unequal she was to
encounter Charlotte's observation, and hurried her away to her room.



Chapter 35


Elizabeth awoke the next morning to the same thoughts and meditations
which had at length closed her eyes. She could not yet recover from the
surprise of what had happened; it was impossible to think of anything
else; and, totally indisposed for employment, she resolved, soon after
breakfast, to indulge herself in air and exercise. She was proceeding
directly to her favourite walk, when the recollection of Mr. Darcy's
sometimes coming there stopped her, and instead of entering the park,
she turned up the lane, which led farther from the turnpike-road. The
park paling was still the boundary on one side, and she soon passed one
of the gates into the ground.

After walking two or three times along that part of the lane, she was
tempted, by the pleasantness of the morning, to stop at the gates and
look into the park. The five weeks which she had now passed in Kent had
made a great difference in the country, and every day was adding to the
verdure of the early trees. She was on the point of continuing her walk,
when she caught a glimpse of a gentleman within the sort of grove which
edged the park; he was moving that way; and, fearful of its being Mr.
Darcy, she was directly retreating. But the person who advanced was now
near enough to see her, and stepping forward with eagerness, pronounced
her name. She had turned away; but on hearing herself called, though
in a voice which proved it to be Mr. Darcy, she moved again towards the
gate. He had by that time reached it also, and, holding out a letter,
which she instinctively took, said, with a look of haughty composure,
“I have been walking in the grove some time in the hope of meeting you.
Will you do me the honour of reading that letter?” And then, with a
slight bow, turned again into the plantation, and was soon out of sight.

With no expectation of pleasure, but with the strongest curiosity,
Elizabeth opened the letter, and, to her still increasing wonder,
perceived an envelope containing two sheets of letter-paper, written
quite through, in a very close hand. The envelope itself was likewise
full. Pursuing her way along the lane, she then began it. It was dated
from Rosings, at eight o'clock in the morning, and was as follows:--

“Be not alarmed, madam, on receiving this letter, by the apprehension
of its containing any repetition of those sentiments or renewal of those
offers which were last night so disgusting to you. I write without any
intention of paining you, or humbling myself, by dwelling on wishes
which, for the happiness of both, cannot be too soon forgotten; and the
effort which the formation and the perusal of this letter must occasion,
should have been spared, had not my character required it to be written
and read. You must, therefore, pardon the freedom with which I demand
your attention; your feelings, I know, will bestow it unwillingly, but I
demand it of your justice.

“Two offenses of a very different nature, and by no means of equal
magnitude, you last night laid to my charge. The first mentioned was,
that, regardless of the sentiments of either, I had detached Mr. Bingley
from your sister, and the other, that I had, in defiance of various
claims, in defiance of honour and humanity, ruined the immediate
prosperity and blasted the prospects of Mr. Wickham. Wilfully and
wantonly to have thrown off the companion of my youth, the acknowledged
favourite of my father, a young man who had scarcely any other
dependence than on our patronage, and who had been brought up to expect
its exertion, would be a depravity, to which the separation of two young
persons, whose affection could be the growth of only a few weeks, could
bear no comparison. But from the severity of that blame which was last
night so liberally bestowed, respecting each circumstance, I shall hope
to be in the future secured, when the following account of my actions
and their motives has been read. If, in the explanation of them, which
is due to myself, I am under the necessity of relating feelings which
may be offensive to yours, I can only say that I am sorry. The necessity
must be obeyed, and further apology would be absurd.

“I had not been long in Hertfordshire, before I saw, in common with
others, that Bingley preferred your elder sister to any other young
woman in the country. But it was not till the evening of the dance
at Netherfield that I had any apprehension of his feeling a serious
attachment. I had often seen him in love before. At that ball, while I
had the honour of dancing with you, I was first made acquainted, by Sir
William Lucas's accidental information, that Bingley's attentions to
your sister had given rise to a general expectation of their marriage.
He spoke of it as a certain event, of which the time alone could
be undecided. From that moment I observed my friend's behaviour
attentively; and I could then perceive that his partiality for Miss
Bennet was beyond what I had ever witnessed in him. Your sister I also
watched. Her look and manners were open, cheerful, and engaging as ever,
but without any symptom of peculiar regard, and I remained convinced
from the evening's scrutiny, that though she received his attentions
with pleasure, she did not invite them by any participation of
sentiment. If _you_ have not been mistaken here, _I_ must have been
in error. Your superior knowledge of your sister must make the latter
probable. If it be so, if I have been misled by such error to inflict
pain on her, your resentment has not been unreasonable. But I shall not
scruple to assert, that the serenity of your sister's countenance and
air was such as might have given the most acute observer a conviction
that, however amiable her temper, her heart was not likely to be
easily touched. That I was desirous of believing her indifferent is
certain--but I will venture to say that my investigation and decisions
are not usually influenced by my hopes or fears. I did not believe
her to be indifferent because I wished it; I believed it on impartial
conviction, as truly as I wished it in reason. My objections to the
marriage were not merely those which I last night acknowledged to have
the utmost force of passion to put aside, in my own case; the want of
connection could not be so great an evil to my friend as to me. But
there were other causes of repugnance; causes which, though still
existing, and existing to an equal degree in both instances, I had
myself endeavoured to forget, because they were not immediately before
me. These causes must be stated, though briefly. The situation of your
mother's family, though objectionable, was nothing in comparison to that
total want of propriety so frequently, so almost uniformly betrayed by
herself, by your three younger sisters, and occasionally even by your
father. Pardon me. It pains me to offend you. But amidst your concern
for the defects of your nearest relations, and your displeasure at this
representation of them, let it give you consolation to consider that, to
have conducted yourselves so as to avoid any share of the like censure,
is praise no less generally bestowed on you and your elder sister, than
it is honourable to the sense and disposition of both. I will only say
farther that from what passed that evening, my opinion of all parties
was confirmed, and every inducement heightened which could have led
me before, to preserve my friend from what I esteemed a most unhappy
connection. He left Netherfield for London, on the day following, as
you, I am certain, remember, with the design of soon returning.

“The part which I acted is now to be explained. His sisters' uneasiness
had been equally excited with my own; our coincidence of feeling was
soon discovered, and, alike sensible that no time was to be lost in
detaching their brother, we shortly resolved on joining him directly in
London. We accordingly went--and there I readily engaged in the office
of pointing out to my friend the certain evils of such a choice. I
described, and enforced them earnestly. But, however this remonstrance
might have staggered or delayed his determination, I do not suppose
that it would ultimately have prevented the marriage, had it not been
seconded by the assurance that I hesitated not in giving, of your
sister's indifference. He had before believed her to return his
affection with sincere, if not with equal regard. But Bingley has great
natural modesty, with a stronger dependence on my judgement than on his
own. To convince him, therefore, that he had deceived himself, was
no very difficult point. To persuade him against returning into
Hertfordshire, when that conviction had been given, was scarcely the
work of a moment. I cannot blame myself for having done thus much. There
is but one part of my conduct in the whole affair on which I do not
reflect with satisfaction; it is that I condescended to adopt the
measures of art so far as to conceal from him your sister's being in
town. I knew it myself, as it was known to Miss Bingley; but her
brother is even yet ignorant of it. That they might have met without
ill consequence is perhaps probable; but his regard did not appear to me
enough extinguished for him to see her without some danger. Perhaps this
concealment, this disguise was beneath me; it is done, however, and it
was done for the best. On this subject I have nothing more to say, no
other apology to offer. If I have wounded your sister's feelings, it
was unknowingly done and though the motives which governed me may to
you very naturally appear insufficient, I have not yet learnt to condemn
them.

“With respect to that other, more weighty accusation, of having injured
Mr. Wickham, I can only refute it by laying before you the whole of his
connection with my family. Of what he has _particularly_ accused me I
am ignorant; but of the truth of what I shall relate, I can summon more
than one witness of undoubted veracity.

“Mr. Wickham is the son of a very respectable man, who had for many
years the management of all the Pemberley estates, and whose good
conduct in the discharge of his trust naturally inclined my father to
be of service to him; and on George Wickham, who was his godson, his
kindness was therefore liberally bestowed. My father supported him at
school, and afterwards at Cambridge--most important assistance, as his
own father, always poor from the extravagance of his wife, would have
been unable to give him a gentleman's education. My father was not only
fond of this young man's society, whose manners were always engaging; he
had also the highest opinion of him, and hoping the church would be
his profession, intended to provide for him in it. As for myself, it is
many, many years since I first began to think of him in a very different
manner. The vicious propensities--the want of principle, which he was
careful to guard from the knowledge of his best friend, could not escape
the observation of a young man of nearly the same age with himself,
and who had opportunities of seeing him in unguarded moments, which Mr.
Darcy could not have. Here again I shall give you pain--to what degree
you only can tell. But whatever may be the sentiments which Mr. Wickham
has created, a suspicion of their nature shall not prevent me from
unfolding his real character--it adds even another motive.

“My excellent father died about five years ago; and his attachment to
Mr. Wickham was to the last so steady, that in his will he particularly
recommended it to me, to promote his advancement in the best manner
that his profession might allow--and if he took orders, desired that a
valuable family living might be his as soon as it became vacant. There
was also a legacy of one thousand pounds. His own father did not long
survive mine, and within half a year from these events, Mr. Wickham
wrote to inform me that, having finally resolved against taking orders,
he hoped I should not think it unreasonable for him to expect some more
immediate pecuniary advantage, in lieu of the preferment, by which he
could not be benefited. He had some intention, he added, of studying
law, and I must be aware that the interest of one thousand pounds would
be a very insufficient support therein. I rather wished, than believed
him to be sincere; but, at any rate, was perfectly ready to accede to
his proposal. I knew that Mr. Wickham ought not to be a clergyman; the
business was therefore soon settled--he resigned all claim to assistance
in the church, were it possible that he could ever be in a situation to
receive it, and accepted in return three thousand pounds. All connection
between us seemed now dissolved. I thought too ill of him to invite him
to Pemberley, or admit his society in town. In town I believe he chiefly
lived, but his studying the law was a mere pretence, and being now free
from all restraint, his life was a life of idleness and dissipation.
For about three years I heard little of him; but on the decease of the
incumbent of the living which had been designed for him, he applied to
me again by letter for the presentation. His circumstances, he assured
me, and I had no difficulty in believing it, were exceedingly bad. He
had found the law a most unprofitable study, and was now absolutely
resolved on being ordained, if I would present him to the living in
question--of which he trusted there could be little doubt, as he was
well assured that I had no other person to provide for, and I could not
have forgotten my revered father's intentions. You will hardly blame
me for refusing to comply with this entreaty, or for resisting every
repetition to it. His resentment was in proportion to the distress of
his circumstances--and he was doubtless as violent in his abuse of me
to others as in his reproaches to myself. After this period every
appearance of acquaintance was dropped. How he lived I know not. But
last summer he was again most painfully obtruded on my notice.

“I must now mention a circumstance which I would wish to forget myself,
and which no obligation less than the present should induce me to unfold
to any human being. Having said thus much, I feel no doubt of your
secrecy. My sister, who is more than ten years my junior, was left to
the guardianship of my mother's nephew, Colonel Fitzwilliam, and myself.
About a year ago, she was taken from school, and an establishment formed
for her in London; and last summer she went with the lady who presided
over it, to Ramsgate; and thither also went Mr. Wickham, undoubtedly by
design; for there proved to have been a prior acquaintance between him
and Mrs. Younge, in whose character we were most unhappily deceived; and
by her connivance and aid, he so far recommended himself to Georgiana,
whose affectionate heart retained a strong impression of his kindness to
her as a child, that she was persuaded to believe herself in love, and
to consent to an elopement. She was then but fifteen, which must be her
excuse; and after stating her imprudence, I am happy to add, that I owed
the knowledge of it to herself. I joined them unexpectedly a day or two
before the intended elopement, and then Georgiana, unable to support the
idea of grieving and offending a brother whom she almost looked up to as
a father, acknowledged the whole to me. You may imagine what I felt and
how I acted. Regard for my sister's credit and feelings prevented
any public exposure; but I wrote to Mr. Wickham, who left the place
immediately, and Mrs. Younge was of course removed from her charge. Mr.
Wickham's chief object was unquestionably my sister's fortune, which
is thirty thousand pounds; but I cannot help supposing that the hope of
revenging himself on me was a strong inducement. His revenge would have
been complete indeed.

“This, madam, is a faithful narrative of every event in which we have
been concerned together; and if you do not absolutely reject it as
false, you will, I hope, acquit me henceforth of cruelty towards Mr.
Wickham. I know not in what manner, under what form of falsehood he
had imposed on you; but his success is not perhaps to be wondered
at. Ignorant as you previously were of everything concerning either,
detection could not be in your power, and suspicion certainly not in
your inclination.

“You may possibly wonder why all this was not told you last night; but
I was not then master enough of myself to know what could or ought to
be revealed. For the truth of everything here related, I can appeal more
particularly to the testimony of Colonel Fitzwilliam, who, from our
near relationship and constant intimacy, and, still more, as one of
the executors of my father's will, has been unavoidably acquainted
with every particular of these transactions. If your abhorrence of _me_
should make _my_ assertions valueless, you cannot be prevented by
the same cause from confiding in my cousin; and that there may be
the possibility of consulting him, I shall endeavour to find some
opportunity of putting this letter in your hands in the course of the
morning. I will only add, God bless you.

“FITZWILLIAM DARCY”



Chapter 36


If Elizabeth, when Mr. Darcy gave her the letter, did not expect it to
contain a renewal of his offers, she had formed no expectation at all of
its contents. But such as they were, it may well be supposed how eagerly
she went through them, and what a contrariety of emotion they excited.
Her feelings as she read were scarcely to be defined. With amazement did
she first understand that he believed any apology to be in his power;
and steadfastly was she persuaded, that he could have no explanation
to give, which a just sense of shame would not conceal. With a strong
prejudice against everything he might say, she began his account of what
had happened at Netherfield. She read with an eagerness which hardly
left her power of comprehension, and from impatience of knowing what the
next sentence might bring, was incapable of attending to the sense of
the one before her eyes. His belief of her sister's insensibility she
instantly resolved to be false; and his account of the real, the worst
objections to the match, made her too angry to have any wish of doing
him justice. He expressed no regret for what he had done which satisfied
her; his style was not penitent, but haughty. It was all pride and
insolence.

But when this subject was succeeded by his account of Mr. Wickham--when
she read with somewhat clearer attention a relation of events which,
if true, must overthrow every cherished opinion of his worth, and which
bore so alarming an affinity to his own history of himself--her
feelings were yet more acutely painful and more difficult of definition.
Astonishment, apprehension, and even horror, oppressed her. She wished
to discredit it entirely, repeatedly exclaiming, “This must be false!
This cannot be! This must be the grossest falsehood!”--and when she had
gone through the whole letter, though scarcely knowing anything of the
last page or two, put it hastily away, protesting that she would not
regard it, that she would never look in it again.

In this perturbed state of mind, with thoughts that could rest on
nothing, she walked on; but it would not do; in half a minute the letter
was unfolded again, and collecting herself as well as she could, she
again began the mortifying perusal of all that related to Wickham, and
commanded herself so far as to examine the meaning of every sentence.
The account of his connection with the Pemberley family was exactly what
he had related himself; and the kindness of the late Mr. Darcy, though
she had not before known its extent, agreed equally well with his own
words. So far each recital confirmed the other; but when she came to the
will, the difference was great. What Wickham had said of the living
was fresh in her memory, and as she recalled his very words, it was
impossible not to feel that there was gross duplicity on one side or the
other; and, for a few moments, she flattered herself that her wishes did
not err. But when she read and re-read with the closest attention, the
particulars immediately following of Wickham's resigning all pretensions
to the living, of his receiving in lieu so considerable a sum as three
thousand pounds, again was she forced to hesitate. She put down
the letter, weighed every circumstance with what she meant to be
impartiality--deliberated on the probability of each statement--but with
little success. On both sides it was only assertion. Again she read
on; but every line proved more clearly that the affair, which she had
believed it impossible that any contrivance could so represent as to
render Mr. Darcy's conduct in it less than infamous, was capable of a
turn which must make him entirely blameless throughout the whole.

The extravagance and general profligacy which he scrupled not to lay at
Mr. Wickham's charge, exceedingly shocked her; the more so, as she could
bring no proof of its injustice. She had never heard of him before his
entrance into the ----shire Militia, in which he had engaged at the
persuasion of the young man who, on meeting him accidentally in town,
had there renewed a slight acquaintance. Of his former way of life
nothing had been known in Hertfordshire but what he told himself. As
to his real character, had information been in her power, she had
never felt a wish of inquiring. His countenance, voice, and manner had
established him at once in the possession of every virtue. She tried
to recollect some instance of goodness, some distinguished trait of
integrity or benevolence, that might rescue him from the attacks of
Mr. Darcy; or at least, by the predominance of virtue, atone for those
casual errors under which she would endeavour to class what Mr. Darcy
had described as the idleness and vice of many years' continuance. But
no such recollection befriended her. She could see him instantly before
her, in every charm of air and address; but she could remember no more
substantial good than the general approbation of the neighbourhood, and
the regard which his social powers had gained him in the mess. After
pausing on this point a considerable while, she once more continued to
read. But, alas! the story which followed, of his designs on Miss
Darcy, received some confirmation from what had passed between Colonel
Fitzwilliam and herself only the morning before; and at last she was
referred for the truth of every particular to Colonel Fitzwilliam
himself--from whom she had previously received the information of his
near concern in all his cousin's affairs, and whose character she had no
reason to question. At one time she had almost resolved on applying to
him, but the idea was checked by the awkwardness of the application, and
at length wholly banished by the conviction that Mr. Darcy would never
have hazarded such a proposal, if he had not been well assured of his
cousin's corroboration.

She perfectly remembered everything that had passed in conversation
between Wickham and herself, in their first evening at Mr. Phillips's.
Many of his expressions were still fresh in her memory. She was _now_
struck with the impropriety of such communications to a stranger, and
wondered it had escaped her before. She saw the indelicacy of putting
himself forward as he had done, and the inconsistency of his professions
with his conduct. She remembered that he had boasted of having no fear
of seeing Mr. Darcy--that Mr. Darcy might leave the country, but that
_he_ should stand his ground; yet he had avoided the Netherfield ball
the very next week. She remembered also that, till the Netherfield
family had quitted the country, he had told his story to no one but
herself; but that after their removal it had been everywhere discussed;
that he had then no reserves, no scruples in sinking Mr. Darcy's
character, though he had assured her that respect for the father would
always prevent his exposing the son.

How differently did everything now appear in which he was concerned!
His attentions to Miss King were now the consequence of views solely and
hatefully mercenary; and the mediocrity of her fortune proved no longer
the moderation of his wishes, but his eagerness to grasp at anything.
His behaviour to herself could now have had no tolerable motive; he had
either been deceived with regard to her fortune, or had been gratifying
his vanity by encouraging the preference which she believed she had most
incautiously shown. Every lingering struggle in his favour grew fainter
and fainter; and in farther justification of Mr. Darcy, she could not
but allow that Mr. Bingley, when questioned by Jane, had long ago
asserted his blamelessness in the affair; that proud and repulsive as
were his manners, she had never, in the whole course of their
acquaintance--an acquaintance which had latterly brought them much
together, and given her a sort of intimacy with his ways--seen anything
that betrayed him to be unprincipled or unjust--anything that spoke him
of irreligious or immoral habits; that among his own connections he was
esteemed and valued--that even Wickham had allowed him merit as a
brother, and that she had often heard him speak so affectionately of his
sister as to prove him capable of _some_ amiable feeling; that had his
actions been what Mr. Wickham represented them, so gross a violation of
everything right could hardly have been concealed from the world; and
that friendship between a person capable of it, and such an amiable man
as Mr. Bingley, was incomprehensible.

She grew absolutely ashamed of herself. Of neither Darcy nor Wickham
could she think without feeling she had been blind, partial, prejudiced,
absurd.

“How despicably I have acted!” she cried; “I, who have prided myself
on my discernment! I, who have valued myself on my abilities! who have
often disdained the generous candour of my sister, and gratified
my vanity in useless or blameable mistrust! How humiliating is this
discovery! Yet, how just a humiliation! Had I been in love, I could
not have been more wretchedly blind! But vanity, not love, has been my
folly. Pleased with the preference of one, and offended by the neglect
of the other, on the very beginning of our acquaintance, I have courted
prepossession and ignorance, and driven reason away, where either were
concerned. Till this moment I never knew myself.”

From herself to Jane--from Jane to Bingley, her thoughts were in a line
which soon brought to her recollection that Mr. Darcy's explanation
_there_ had appeared very insufficient, and she read it again. Widely
different was the effect of a second perusal. How could she deny that
credit to his assertions in one instance, which she had been obliged to
give in the other? He declared himself to be totally unsuspicious of her
sister's attachment; and she could not help remembering what Charlotte's
opinion had always been. Neither could she deny the justice of his
description of Jane. She felt that Jane's feelings, though fervent, were
little displayed, and that there was a constant complacency in her air
and manner not often united with great sensibility.

When she came to that part of the letter in which her family were
mentioned in terms of such mortifying, yet merited reproach, her sense
of shame was severe. The justice of the charge struck her too forcibly
for denial, and the circumstances to which he particularly alluded as
having passed at the Netherfield ball, and as confirming all his first
disapprobation, could not have made a stronger impression on his mind
than on hers.

The compliment to herself and her sister was not unfelt. It soothed,
but it could not console her for the contempt which had thus been
self-attracted by the rest of her family; and as she considered
that Jane's disappointment had in fact been the work of her nearest
relations, and reflected how materially the credit of both must be hurt
by such impropriety of conduct, she felt depressed beyond anything she
had ever known before.

After wandering along the lane for two hours, giving way to every
variety of thought--re-considering events, determining probabilities,
and reconciling herself, as well as she could, to a change so sudden and
so important, fatigue, and a recollection of her long absence, made
her at length return home; and she entered the house with the wish
of appearing cheerful as usual, and the resolution of repressing such
reflections as must make her unfit for conversation.

She was immediately told that the two gentlemen from Rosings had each
called during her absence; Mr. Darcy, only for a few minutes, to take
leave--but that Colonel Fitzwilliam had been sitting with them at least
an hour, hoping for her return, and almost resolving to walk after her
till she could be found. Elizabeth could but just _affect_ concern
in missing him; she really rejoiced at it. Colonel Fitzwilliam was no
longer an object; she could think only of her letter.



Chapter 37


The two gentlemen left Rosings the next morning, and Mr. Collins having
been in waiting near the lodges, to make them his parting obeisance, was
able to bring home the pleasing intelligence, of their appearing in very
good health, and in as tolerable spirits as could be expected, after the
melancholy scene so lately gone through at Rosings. To Rosings he then
hastened, to console Lady Catherine and her daughter; and on his return
brought back, with great satisfaction, a message from her ladyship,
importing that she felt herself so dull as to make her very desirous of
having them all to dine with her.

Elizabeth could not see Lady Catherine without recollecting that, had
she chosen it, she might by this time have been presented to her as
her future niece; nor could she think, without a smile, of what her
ladyship's indignation would have been. “What would she have said? how
would she have behaved?” were questions with which she amused herself.

Their first subject was the diminution of the Rosings party. “I assure
you, I feel it exceedingly,” said Lady Catherine; “I believe no one
feels the loss of friends so much as I do. But I am particularly
attached to these young men, and know them to be so much attached to
me! They were excessively sorry to go! But so they always are. The
dear Colonel rallied his spirits tolerably till just at last; but Darcy
seemed to feel it most acutely, more, I think, than last year. His
attachment to Rosings certainly increases.”

Mr. Collins had a compliment, and an allusion to throw in here, which
were kindly smiled on by the mother and daughter.

Lady Catherine observed, after dinner, that Miss Bennet seemed out of
spirits, and immediately accounting for it by herself, by supposing that
she did not like to go home again so soon, she added:

“But if that is the case, you must write to your mother and beg that
you may stay a little longer. Mrs. Collins will be very glad of your
company, I am sure.”

“I am much obliged to your ladyship for your kind invitation,” replied
Elizabeth, “but it is not in my power to accept it. I must be in town
next Saturday.”

“Why, at that rate, you will have been here only six weeks. I expected
you to stay two months. I told Mrs. Collins so before you came. There
can be no occasion for your going so soon. Mrs. Bennet could certainly
spare you for another fortnight.”

“But my father cannot. He wrote last week to hurry my return.”

“Oh! your father of course may spare you, if your mother can. Daughters
are never of so much consequence to a father. And if you will stay
another _month_ complete, it will be in my power to take one of you as
far as London, for I am going there early in June, for a week; and as
Dawson does not object to the barouche-box, there will be very good room
for one of you--and indeed, if the weather should happen to be cool, I
should not object to taking you both, as you are neither of you large.”

“You are all kindness, madam; but I believe we must abide by our
original plan.”

Lady Catherine seemed resigned. “Mrs. Collins, you must send a servant
with them. You know I always speak my mind, and I cannot bear the idea
of two young women travelling post by themselves. It is highly improper.
You must contrive to send somebody. I have the greatest dislike in
the world to that sort of thing. Young women should always be properly
guarded and attended, according to their situation in life. When my
niece Georgiana went to Ramsgate last summer, I made a point of her
having two men-servants go with her. Miss Darcy, the daughter of
Mr. Darcy, of Pemberley, and Lady Anne, could not have appeared with
propriety in a different manner. I am excessively attentive to all those
things. You must send John with the young ladies, Mrs. Collins. I
am glad it occurred to me to mention it; for it would really be
discreditable to _you_ to let them go alone.”

“My uncle is to send a servant for us.”

“Oh! Your uncle! He keeps a man-servant, does he? I am very glad you
have somebody who thinks of these things. Where shall you change horses?
Oh! Bromley, of course. If you mention my name at the Bell, you will be
attended to.”

Lady Catherine had many other questions to ask respecting their journey,
and as she did not answer them all herself, attention was necessary,
which Elizabeth believed to be lucky for her; or, with a mind so
occupied, she might have forgotten where she was. Reflection must be
reserved for solitary hours; whenever she was alone, she gave way to it
as the greatest relief; and not a day went by without a solitary
walk, in which she might indulge in all the delight of unpleasant
recollections.

Mr. Darcy's letter she was in a fair way of soon knowing by heart. She
studied every sentence; and her feelings towards its writer were at
times widely different. When she remembered the style of his address,
she was still full of indignation; but when she considered how unjustly
she had condemned and upbraided him, her anger was turned against
herself; and his disappointed feelings became the object of compassion.
His attachment excited gratitude, his general character respect; but she
could not approve him; nor could she for a moment repent her refusal,
or feel the slightest inclination ever to see him again. In her own past
behaviour, there was a constant source of vexation and regret; and in
the unhappy defects of her family, a subject of yet heavier chagrin.
They were hopeless of remedy. Her father, contented with laughing at
them, would never exert himself to restrain the wild giddiness of his
youngest daughters; and her mother, with manners so far from right
herself, was entirely insensible of the evil. Elizabeth had frequently
united with Jane in an endeavour to check the imprudence of Catherine
and Lydia; but while they were supported by their mother's indulgence,
what chance could there be of improvement? Catherine, weak-spirited,
irritable, and completely under Lydia's guidance, had been always
affronted by their advice; and Lydia, self-willed and careless, would
scarcely give them a hearing. They were ignorant, idle, and vain. While
there was an officer in Meryton, they would flirt with him; and while
Meryton was within a walk of Longbourn, they would be going there
forever.

Anxiety on Jane's behalf was another prevailing concern; and Mr. Darcy's
explanation, by restoring Bingley to all her former good opinion,
heightened the sense of what Jane had lost. His affection was proved
to have been sincere, and his conduct cleared of all blame, unless any
could attach to the implicitness of his confidence in his friend. How
grievous then was the thought that, of a situation so desirable in every
respect, so replete with advantage, so promising for happiness, Jane had
been deprived, by the folly and indecorum of her own family!

When to these recollections was added the development of Wickham's
character, it may be easily believed that the happy spirits which had
seldom been depressed before, were now so much affected as to make it
almost impossible for her to appear tolerably cheerful.

Their engagements at Rosings were as frequent during the last week of
her stay as they had been at first. The very last evening was spent
there; and her ladyship again inquired minutely into the particulars of
their journey, gave them directions as to the best method of packing,
and was so urgent on the necessity of placing gowns in the only right
way, that Maria thought herself obliged, on her return, to undo all the
work of the morning, and pack her trunk afresh.

When they parted, Lady Catherine, with great condescension, wished them
a good journey, and invited them to come to Hunsford again next year;
and Miss de Bourgh exerted herself so far as to curtsey and hold out her
hand to both.



Chapter 38


On Saturday morning Elizabeth and Mr. Collins met for breakfast a few
minutes before the others appeared; and he took the opportunity of
paying the parting civilities which he deemed indispensably necessary.

“I know not, Miss Elizabeth,” said he, “whether Mrs. Collins has yet
expressed her sense of your kindness in coming to us; but I am very
certain you will not leave the house without receiving her thanks for
it. The favour of your company has been much felt, I assure you. We
know how little there is to tempt anyone to our humble abode. Our plain
manner of living, our small rooms and few domestics, and the little we
see of the world, must make Hunsford extremely dull to a young lady like
yourself; but I hope you will believe us grateful for the condescension,
and that we have done everything in our power to prevent your spending
your time unpleasantly.”

Elizabeth was eager with her thanks and assurances of happiness. She
had spent six weeks with great enjoyment; and the pleasure of being with
Charlotte, and the kind attentions she had received, must make _her_
feel the obliged. Mr. Collins was gratified, and with a more smiling
solemnity replied:

“It gives me great pleasure to hear that you have passed your time not
disagreeably. We have certainly done our best; and most fortunately
having it in our power to introduce you to very superior society, and,
from our connection with Rosings, the frequent means of varying the
humble home scene, I think we may flatter ourselves that your Hunsford
visit cannot have been entirely irksome. Our situation with regard to
Lady Catherine's family is indeed the sort of extraordinary advantage
and blessing which few can boast. You see on what a footing we are. You
see how continually we are engaged there. In truth I must acknowledge
that, with all the disadvantages of this humble parsonage, I should
not think anyone abiding in it an object of compassion, while they are
sharers of our intimacy at Rosings.”

Words were insufficient for the elevation of his feelings; and he was
obliged to walk about the room, while Elizabeth tried to unite civility
and truth in a few short sentences.

“You may, in fact, carry a very favourable report of us into
Hertfordshire, my dear cousin. I flatter myself at least that you will
be able to do so. Lady Catherine's great attentions to Mrs. Collins you
have been a daily witness of; and altogether I trust it does not appear
that your friend has drawn an unfortunate--but on this point it will be
as well to be silent. Only let me assure you, my dear Miss Elizabeth,
that I can from my heart most cordially wish you equal felicity in
marriage. My dear Charlotte and I have but one mind and one way of
thinking. There is in everything a most remarkable resemblance of
character and ideas between us. We seem to have been designed for each
other.”

Elizabeth could safely say that it was a great happiness where that was
the case, and with equal sincerity could add, that she firmly believed
and rejoiced in his domestic comforts. She was not sorry, however, to
have the recital of them interrupted by the lady from whom they sprang.
Poor Charlotte! it was melancholy to leave her to such society! But she
had chosen it with her eyes open; and though evidently regretting that
her visitors were to go, she did not seem to ask for compassion. Her
home and her housekeeping, her parish and her poultry, and all their
dependent concerns, had not yet lost their charms.

At length the chaise arrived, the trunks were fastened on, the parcels
placed within, and it was pronounced to be ready. After an affectionate
parting between the friends, Elizabeth was attended to the carriage by
Mr. Collins, and as they walked down the garden he was commissioning her
with his best respects to all her family, not forgetting his thanks
for the kindness he had received at Longbourn in the winter, and his
compliments to Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner, though unknown. He then handed her
in, Maria followed, and the door was on the point of being closed,
when he suddenly reminded them, with some consternation, that they had
hitherto forgotten to leave any message for the ladies at Rosings.

“But,” he added, “you will of course wish to have your humble respects
delivered to them, with your grateful thanks for their kindness to you
while you have been here.”

Elizabeth made no objection; the door was then allowed to be shut, and
the carriage drove off.

“Good gracious!” cried Maria, after a few minutes' silence, “it seems
but a day or two since we first came! and yet how many things have
happened!”

“A great many indeed,” said her companion with a sigh.

“We have dined nine times at Rosings, besides drinking tea there twice!
How much I shall have to tell!”

Elizabeth added privately, “And how much I shall have to conceal!”

Their journey was performed without much conversation, or any alarm; and
within four hours of their leaving Hunsford they reached Mr. Gardiner's
house, where they were to remain a few days.

Jane looked well, and Elizabeth had little opportunity of studying her
spirits, amidst the various engagements which the kindness of her
aunt had reserved for them. But Jane was to go home with her, and at
Longbourn there would be leisure enough for observation.

It was not without an effort, meanwhile, that she could wait even for
Longbourn, before she told her sister of Mr. Darcy's proposals. To know
that she had the power of revealing what would so exceedingly astonish
Jane, and must, at the same time, so highly gratify whatever of her own
vanity she had not yet been able to reason away, was such a temptation
to openness as nothing could have conquered but the state of indecision
in which she remained as to the extent of what she should communicate;
and her fear, if she once entered on the subject, of being hurried
into repeating something of Bingley which might only grieve her sister
further.



Chapter 39


It was the second week in May, in which the three young ladies set out
together from Gracechurch Street for the town of ----, in Hertfordshire;
and, as they drew near the appointed inn where Mr. Bennet's carriage
was to meet them, they quickly perceived, in token of the coachman's
punctuality, both Kitty and Lydia looking out of a dining-room up stairs.
These two girls had been above an hour in the place, happily employed
in visiting an opposite milliner, watching the sentinel on guard, and
dressing a salad and cucumber.

After welcoming their sisters, they triumphantly displayed a table set
out with such cold meat as an inn larder usually affords, exclaiming,
“Is not this nice? Is not this an agreeable surprise?”

“And we mean to treat you all,” added Lydia, “but you must lend us the
money, for we have just spent ours at the shop out there.” Then, showing
her purchases--“Look here, I have bought this bonnet. I do not think
it is very pretty; but I thought I might as well buy it as not. I shall
pull it to pieces as soon as I get home, and see if I can make it up any
better.”

And when her sisters abused it as ugly, she added, with perfect
unconcern, “Oh! but there were two or three much uglier in the shop; and
when I have bought some prettier-coloured satin to trim it with fresh, I
think it will be very tolerable. Besides, it will not much signify what
one wears this summer, after the ----shire have left Meryton, and they
are going in a fortnight.”

“Are they indeed!” cried Elizabeth, with the greatest satisfaction.

“They are going to be encamped near Brighton; and I do so want papa to
take us all there for the summer! It would be such a delicious scheme;
and I dare say would hardly cost anything at all. Mamma would like to
go too of all things! Only think what a miserable summer else we shall
have!”

“Yes,” thought Elizabeth, “_that_ would be a delightful scheme indeed,
and completely do for us at once. Good Heaven! Brighton, and a whole
campful of soldiers, to us, who have been overset already by one poor
regiment of militia, and the monthly balls of Meryton!”

“Now I have got some news for you,” said Lydia, as they sat down at
table. “What do you think? It is excellent news--capital news--and about
a certain person we all like!”

Jane and Elizabeth looked at each other, and the waiter was told he need
not stay. Lydia laughed, and said:

“Aye, that is just like your formality and discretion. You thought the
waiter must not hear, as if he cared! I dare say he often hears worse
things said than I am going to say. But he is an ugly fellow! I am glad
he is gone. I never saw such a long chin in my life. Well, but now for
my news; it is about dear Wickham; too good for the waiter, is it not?
There is no danger of Wickham's marrying Mary King. There's for you! She
is gone down to her uncle at Liverpool: gone to stay. Wickham is safe.”

“And Mary King is safe!” added Elizabeth; “safe from a connection
imprudent as to fortune.”

“She is a great fool for going away, if she liked him.”

“But I hope there is no strong attachment on either side,” said Jane.

“I am sure there is not on _his_. I will answer for it, he never cared
three straws about her--who could about such a nasty little freckled
thing?”

Elizabeth was shocked to think that, however incapable of such
coarseness of _expression_ herself, the coarseness of the _sentiment_
was little other than her own breast had harboured and fancied liberal!

As soon as all had ate, and the elder ones paid, the carriage was
ordered; and after some contrivance, the whole party, with all their
boxes, work-bags, and parcels, and the unwelcome addition of Kitty's and
Lydia's purchases, were seated in it.

“How nicely we are all crammed in,” cried Lydia. “I am glad I bought my
bonnet, if it is only for the fun of having another bandbox! Well, now
let us be quite comfortable and snug, and talk and laugh all the way
home. And in the first place, let us hear what has happened to you all
since you went away. Have you seen any pleasant men? Have you had any
flirting? I was in great hopes that one of you would have got a husband
before you came back. Jane will be quite an old maid soon, I declare.
She is almost three-and-twenty! Lord, how ashamed I should be of not
being married before three-and-twenty! My aunt Phillips wants you so to
get husbands, you can't think. She says Lizzy had better have taken Mr.
Collins; but _I_ do not think there would have been any fun in it. Lord!
how I should like to be married before any of you; and then I would
chaperon you about to all the balls. Dear me! we had such a good piece
of fun the other day at Colonel Forster's. Kitty and me were to spend
the day there, and Mrs. Forster promised to have a little dance in the
evening; (by the bye, Mrs. Forster and me are _such_ friends!) and so
she asked the two Harringtons to come, but Harriet was ill, and so Pen
was forced to come by herself; and then, what do you think we did? We
dressed up Chamberlayne in woman's clothes on purpose to pass for a
lady, only think what fun! Not a soul knew of it, but Colonel and Mrs.
Forster, and Kitty and me, except my aunt, for we were forced to borrow
one of her gowns; and you cannot imagine how well he looked! When Denny,
and Wickham, and Pratt, and two or three more of the men came in, they
did not know him in the least. Lord! how I laughed! and so did Mrs.
Forster. I thought I should have died. And _that_ made the men suspect
something, and then they soon found out what was the matter.”

With such kinds of histories of their parties and good jokes, did
Lydia, assisted by Kitty's hints and additions, endeavour to amuse her
companions all the way to Longbourn. Elizabeth listened as little as she
could, but there was no escaping the frequent mention of Wickham's name.

Their reception at home was most kind. Mrs. Bennet rejoiced to see Jane
in undiminished beauty; and more than once during dinner did Mr. Bennet
say voluntarily to Elizabeth:

“I am glad you are come back, Lizzy.”

Their party in the dining-room was large, for almost all the Lucases
came to meet Maria and hear the news; and various were the subjects that
occupied them: Lady Lucas was inquiring of Maria, after the welfare and
poultry of her eldest daughter; Mrs. Bennet was doubly engaged, on one
hand collecting an account of the present fashions from Jane, who sat
some way below her, and, on the other, retailing them all to the younger
Lucases; and Lydia, in a voice rather louder than any other person's,
was enumerating the various pleasures of the morning to anybody who
would hear her.

“Oh! Mary,” said she, “I wish you had gone with us, for we had such fun!
As we went along, Kitty and I drew up the blinds, and pretended there
was nobody in the coach; and I should have gone so all the way, if Kitty
had not been sick; and when we got to the George, I do think we behaved
very handsomely, for we treated the other three with the nicest cold
luncheon in the world, and if you would have gone, we would have treated
you too. And then when we came away it was such fun! I thought we never
should have got into the coach. I was ready to die of laughter. And then
we were so merry all the way home! we talked and laughed so loud, that
anybody might have heard us ten miles off!”

To this Mary very gravely replied, “Far be it from me, my dear sister,
to depreciate such pleasures! They would doubtless be congenial with the
generality of female minds. But I confess they would have no charms for
_me_--I should infinitely prefer a book.”

But of this answer Lydia heard not a word. She seldom listened to
anybody for more than half a minute, and never attended to Mary at all.

In the afternoon Lydia was urgent with the rest of the girls to walk
to Meryton, and to see how everybody went on; but Elizabeth steadily
opposed the scheme. It should not be said that the Miss Bennets could
not be at home half a day before they were in pursuit of the officers.
There was another reason too for her opposition. She dreaded seeing Mr.
Wickham again, and was resolved to avoid it as long as possible. The
comfort to _her_ of the regiment's approaching removal was indeed beyond
expression. In a fortnight they were to go--and once gone, she hoped
there could be nothing more to plague her on his account.

She had not been many hours at home before she found that the Brighton
scheme, of which Lydia had given them a hint at the inn, was under
frequent discussion between her parents. Elizabeth saw directly that her
father had not the smallest intention of yielding; but his answers were
at the same time so vague and equivocal, that her mother, though often
disheartened, had never yet despaired of succeeding at last.



Chapter 40


Elizabeth's impatience to acquaint Jane with what had happened could
no longer be overcome; and at length, resolving to suppress every
particular in which her sister was concerned, and preparing her to be
surprised, she related to her the next morning the chief of the scene
between Mr. Darcy and herself.

Miss Bennet's astonishment was soon lessened by the strong sisterly
partiality which made any admiration of Elizabeth appear perfectly
natural; and all surprise was shortly lost in other feelings. She was
sorry that Mr. Darcy should have delivered his sentiments in a manner so
little suited to recommend them; but still more was she grieved for the
unhappiness which her sister's refusal must have given him.

“His being so sure of succeeding was wrong,” said she, “and certainly
ought not to have appeared; but consider how much it must increase his
disappointment!”

“Indeed,” replied Elizabeth, “I am heartily sorry for him; but he has
other feelings, which will probably soon drive away his regard for me.
You do not blame me, however, for refusing him?”

“Blame you! Oh, no.”

“But you blame me for having spoken so warmly of Wickham?”

“No--I do not know that you were wrong in saying what you did.”

“But you _will_ know it, when I tell you what happened the very next
day.”

She then spoke of the letter, repeating the whole of its contents as far
as they concerned George Wickham. What a stroke was this for poor Jane!
who would willingly have gone through the world without believing that
so much wickedness existed in the whole race of mankind, as was here
collected in one individual. Nor was Darcy's vindication, though
grateful to her feelings, capable of consoling her for such discovery.
Most earnestly did she labour to prove the probability of error, and
seek to clear the one without involving the other.

“This will not do,” said Elizabeth; “you never will be able to make both
of them good for anything. Take your choice, but you must be satisfied
with only one. There is but such a quantity of merit between them; just
enough to make one good sort of man; and of late it has been shifting
about pretty much. For my part, I am inclined to believe it all Darcy's;
but you shall do as you choose.”

It was some time, however, before a smile could be extorted from Jane.

“I do not know when I have been more shocked,” said she. “Wickham so
very bad! It is almost past belief. And poor Mr. Darcy! Dear Lizzy, only
consider what he must have suffered. Such a disappointment! and with the
knowledge of your ill opinion, too! and having to relate such a thing
of his sister! It is really too distressing. I am sure you must feel it
so.”

“Oh! no, my regret and compassion are all done away by seeing you so
full of both. I know you will do him such ample justice, that I am
growing every moment more unconcerned and indifferent. Your profusion
makes me saving; and if you lament over him much longer, my heart will
be as light as a feather.”

“Poor Wickham! there is such an expression of goodness in his
countenance! such an openness and gentleness in his manner!”

“There certainly was some great mismanagement in the education of those
two young men. One has got all the goodness, and the other all the
appearance of it.”

“I never thought Mr. Darcy so deficient in the _appearance_ of it as you
used to do.”

“And yet I meant to be uncommonly clever in taking so decided a dislike
to him, without any reason. It is such a spur to one's genius, such an
opening for wit, to have a dislike of that kind. One may be continually
abusive without saying anything just; but one cannot always be laughing
at a man without now and then stumbling on something witty.”

“Lizzy, when you first read that letter, I am sure you could not treat
the matter as you do now.”

“Indeed, I could not. I was uncomfortable enough, I may say unhappy. And
with no one to speak to about what I felt, no Jane to comfort me and say
that I had not been so very weak and vain and nonsensical as I knew I
had! Oh! how I wanted you!”

“How unfortunate that you should have used such very strong expressions
in speaking of Wickham to Mr. Darcy, for now they _do_ appear wholly
undeserved.”

“Certainly. But the misfortune of speaking with bitterness is a most
natural consequence of the prejudices I had been encouraging. There
is one point on which I want your advice. I want to be told whether I
ought, or ought not, to make our acquaintances in general understand
Wickham's character.”

Miss Bennet paused a little, and then replied, “Surely there can be no
occasion for exposing him so dreadfully. What is your opinion?”

“That it ought not to be attempted. Mr. Darcy has not authorised me
to make his communication public. On the contrary, every particular
relative to his sister was meant to be kept as much as possible to
myself; and if I endeavour to undeceive people as to the rest of his
conduct, who will believe me? The general prejudice against Mr. Darcy
is so violent, that it would be the death of half the good people in
Meryton to attempt to place him in an amiable light. I am not equal
to it. Wickham will soon be gone; and therefore it will not signify to
anyone here what he really is. Some time hence it will be all found out,
and then we may laugh at their stupidity in not knowing it before. At
present I will say nothing about it.”

“You are quite right. To have his errors made public might ruin him for
ever. He is now, perhaps, sorry for what he has done, and anxious to
re-establish a character. We must not make him desperate.”

The tumult of Elizabeth's mind was allayed by this conversation. She had
got rid of two of the secrets which had weighed on her for a fortnight,
and was certain of a willing listener in Jane, whenever she might wish
to talk again of either. But there was still something lurking behind,
of which prudence forbade the disclosure. She dared not relate the other
half of Mr. Darcy's letter, nor explain to her sister how sincerely she
had been valued by her friend. Here was knowledge in which no one
could partake; and she was sensible that nothing less than a perfect
understanding between the parties could justify her in throwing off
this last encumbrance of mystery. “And then,” said she, “if that very
improbable event should ever take place, I shall merely be able to
tell what Bingley may tell in a much more agreeable manner himself. The
liberty of communication cannot be mine till it has lost all its value!”

She was now, on being settled at home, at leisure to observe the real
state of her sister's spirits. Jane was not happy. She still cherished a
very tender affection for Bingley. Having never even fancied herself
in love before, her regard had all the warmth of first attachment,
and, from her age and disposition, greater steadiness than most first
attachments often boast; and so fervently did she value his remembrance,
and prefer him to every other man, that all her good sense, and all her
attention to the feelings of her friends, were requisite to check the
indulgence of those regrets which must have been injurious to her own
health and their tranquillity.

“Well, Lizzy,” said Mrs. Bennet one day, “what is your opinion _now_ of
this sad business of Jane's? For my part, I am determined never to speak
of it again to anybody. I told my sister Phillips so the other day. But
I cannot find out that Jane saw anything of him in London. Well, he is
a very undeserving young man--and I do not suppose there's the least
chance in the world of her ever getting him now. There is no talk of
his coming to Netherfield again in the summer; and I have inquired of
everybody, too, who is likely to know.”

“I do not believe he will ever live at Netherfield any more.”

“Oh well! it is just as he chooses. Nobody wants him to come. Though I
shall always say he used my daughter extremely ill; and if I was her, I
would not have put up with it. Well, my comfort is, I am sure Jane will
die of a broken heart; and then he will be sorry for what he has done.”

But as Elizabeth could not receive comfort from any such expectation,
she made no answer.

“Well, Lizzy,” continued her mother, soon afterwards, “and so the
Collinses live very comfortable, do they? Well, well, I only hope
it will last. And what sort of table do they keep? Charlotte is an
excellent manager, I dare say. If she is half as sharp as her
mother, she is saving enough. There is nothing extravagant in _their_
housekeeping, I dare say.”

“No, nothing at all.”

“A great deal of good management, depend upon it. Yes, yes, _they_ will
take care not to outrun their income. _They_ will never be distressed
for money. Well, much good may it do them! And so, I suppose, they often
talk of having Longbourn when your father is dead. They look upon it as
quite their own, I dare say, whenever that happens.”

“It was a subject which they could not mention before me.”

“No; it would have been strange if they had; but I make no doubt they
often talk of it between themselves. Well, if they can be easy with an
estate that is not lawfully their own, so much the better. I should be
ashamed of having one that was only entailed on me.”



Chapter 41


The first week of their return was soon gone. The second began. It was
the last of the regiment's stay in Meryton, and all the young ladies
in the neighbourhood were drooping apace. The dejection was almost
universal. The elder Miss Bennets alone were still able to eat, drink,
and sleep, and pursue the usual course of their employments. Very
frequently were they reproached for this insensibility by Kitty and
Lydia, whose own misery was extreme, and who could not comprehend such
hard-heartedness in any of the family.

“Good Heaven! what is to become of us? What are we to do?” would they
often exclaim in the bitterness of woe. “How can you be smiling so,
Lizzy?”

Their affectionate mother shared all their grief; she remembered what
she had herself endured on a similar occasion, five-and-twenty years
ago.

“I am sure,” said she, “I cried for two days together when Colonel
Miller's regiment went away. I thought I should have broken my heart.”

“I am sure I shall break _mine_,” said Lydia.

“If one could but go to Brighton!” observed Mrs. Bennet.

“Oh, yes!--if one could but go to Brighton! But papa is so
disagreeable.”

“A little sea-bathing would set me up forever.”

“And my aunt Phillips is sure it would do _me_ a great deal of good,”
 added Kitty.

Such were the kind of lamentations resounding perpetually through
Longbourn House. Elizabeth tried to be diverted by them; but all sense
of pleasure was lost in shame. She felt anew the justice of Mr. Darcy's
objections; and never had she been so much disposed to pardon his
interference in the views of his friend.

But the gloom of Lydia's prospect was shortly cleared away; for she
received an invitation from Mrs. Forster, the wife of the colonel of
the regiment, to accompany her to Brighton. This invaluable friend was a
very young woman, and very lately married. A resemblance in good humour
and good spirits had recommended her and Lydia to each other, and out of
their _three_ months' acquaintance they had been intimate _two_.

The rapture of Lydia on this occasion, her adoration of Mrs. Forster,
the delight of Mrs. Bennet, and the mortification of Kitty, are scarcely
to be described. Wholly inattentive to her sister's feelings, Lydia
flew about the house in restless ecstasy, calling for everyone's
congratulations, and laughing and talking with more violence than ever;
whilst the luckless Kitty continued in the parlour repined at her fate
in terms as unreasonable as her accent was peevish.

“I cannot see why Mrs. Forster should not ask _me_ as well as Lydia,”
 said she, “Though I am _not_ her particular friend. I have just as much
right to be asked as she has, and more too, for I am two years older.”

In vain did Elizabeth attempt to make her reasonable, and Jane to make
her resigned. As for Elizabeth herself, this invitation was so far from
exciting in her the same feelings as in her mother and Lydia, that she
considered it as the death warrant of all possibility of common sense
for the latter; and detestable as such a step must make her were it
known, she could not help secretly advising her father not to let her
go. She represented to him all the improprieties of Lydia's general
behaviour, the little advantage she could derive from the friendship of
such a woman as Mrs. Forster, and the probability of her being yet more
imprudent with such a companion at Brighton, where the temptations must
be greater than at home. He heard her attentively, and then said:

“Lydia will never be easy until she has exposed herself in some public
place or other, and we can never expect her to do it with so
little expense or inconvenience to her family as under the present
circumstances.”

“If you were aware,” said Elizabeth, “of the very great disadvantage to
us all which must arise from the public notice of Lydia's unguarded and
imprudent manner--nay, which has already arisen from it, I am sure you
would judge differently in the affair.”

“Already arisen?” repeated Mr. Bennet. “What, has she frightened away
some of your lovers? Poor little Lizzy! But do not be cast down. Such
squeamish youths as cannot bear to be connected with a little absurdity
are not worth a regret. Come, let me see the list of pitiful fellows who
have been kept aloof by Lydia's folly.”

“Indeed you are mistaken. I have no such injuries to resent. It is not
of particular, but of general evils, which I am now complaining. Our
importance, our respectability in the world must be affected by the
wild volatility, the assurance and disdain of all restraint which mark
Lydia's character. Excuse me, for I must speak plainly. If you, my dear
father, will not take the trouble of checking her exuberant spirits, and
of teaching her that her present pursuits are not to be the business of
her life, she will soon be beyond the reach of amendment. Her character
will be fixed, and she will, at sixteen, be the most determined flirt
that ever made herself or her family ridiculous; a flirt, too, in the
worst and meanest degree of flirtation; without any attraction beyond
youth and a tolerable person; and, from the ignorance and emptiness
of her mind, wholly unable to ward off any portion of that universal
contempt which her rage for admiration will excite. In this danger
Kitty also is comprehended. She will follow wherever Lydia leads. Vain,
ignorant, idle, and absolutely uncontrolled! Oh! my dear father, can you
suppose it possible that they will not be censured and despised wherever
they are known, and that their sisters will not be often involved in the
disgrace?”

Mr. Bennet saw that her whole heart was in the subject, and
affectionately taking her hand said in reply:

“Do not make yourself uneasy, my love. Wherever you and Jane are known
you must be respected and valued; and you will not appear to less
advantage for having a couple of--or I may say, three--very silly
sisters. We shall have no peace at Longbourn if Lydia does not go to
Brighton. Let her go, then. Colonel Forster is a sensible man, and will
keep her out of any real mischief; and she is luckily too poor to be an
object of prey to anybody. At Brighton she will be of less importance
even as a common flirt than she has been here. The officers will find
women better worth their notice. Let us hope, therefore, that her being
there may teach her her own insignificance. At any rate, she cannot grow
many degrees worse, without authorising us to lock her up for the rest
of her life.”

With this answer Elizabeth was forced to be content; but her own opinion
continued the same, and she left him disappointed and sorry. It was not
in her nature, however, to increase her vexations by dwelling on
them. She was confident of having performed her duty, and to fret
over unavoidable evils, or augment them by anxiety, was no part of her
disposition.

Had Lydia and her mother known the substance of her conference with her
father, their indignation would hardly have found expression in their
united volubility. In Lydia's imagination, a visit to Brighton comprised
every possibility of earthly happiness. She saw, with the creative eye
of fancy, the streets of that gay bathing-place covered with officers.
She saw herself the object of attention, to tens and to scores of them
at present unknown. She saw all the glories of the camp--its tents
stretched forth in beauteous uniformity of lines, crowded with the young
and the gay, and dazzling with scarlet; and, to complete the view, she
saw herself seated beneath a tent, tenderly flirting with at least six
officers at once.

Had she known her sister sought to tear her from such prospects and such
realities as these, what would have been her sensations? They could have
been understood only by her mother, who might have felt nearly the same.
Lydia's going to Brighton was all that consoled her for her melancholy
conviction of her husband's never intending to go there himself.

But they were entirely ignorant of what had passed; and their raptures
continued, with little intermission, to the very day of Lydia's leaving
home.

Elizabeth was now to see Mr. Wickham for the last time. Having been
frequently in company with him since her return, agitation was pretty
well over; the agitations of former partiality entirely so. She had even
learnt to detect, in the very gentleness which had first delighted
her, an affectation and a sameness to disgust and weary. In his present
behaviour to herself, moreover, she had a fresh source of displeasure,
for the inclination he soon testified of renewing those intentions which
had marked the early part of their acquaintance could only serve, after
what had since passed, to provoke her. She lost all concern for him in
finding herself thus selected as the object of such idle and frivolous
gallantry; and while she steadily repressed it, could not but feel the
reproof contained in his believing, that however long, and for whatever
cause, his attentions had been withdrawn, her vanity would be gratified,
and her preference secured at any time by their renewal.

On the very last day of the regiment's remaining at Meryton, he dined,
with other of the officers, at Longbourn; and so little was Elizabeth
disposed to part from him in good humour, that on his making some
inquiry as to the manner in which her time had passed at Hunsford, she
mentioned Colonel Fitzwilliam's and Mr. Darcy's having both spent three
weeks at Rosings, and asked him, if he was acquainted with the former.

He looked surprised, displeased, alarmed; but with a moment's
recollection and a returning smile, replied, that he had formerly seen
him often; and, after observing that he was a very gentlemanlike man,
asked her how she had liked him. Her answer was warmly in his favour.
With an air of indifference he soon afterwards added:

“How long did you say he was at Rosings?”

“Nearly three weeks.”

“And you saw him frequently?”

“Yes, almost every day.”

“His manners are very different from his cousin's.”

“Yes, very different. But I think Mr. Darcy improves upon acquaintance.”

“Indeed!” cried Mr. Wickham with a look which did not escape her. “And
pray, may I ask?--” But checking himself, he added, in a gayer tone, “Is
it in address that he improves? Has he deigned to add aught of civility
to his ordinary style?--for I dare not hope,” he continued in a lower
and more serious tone, “that he is improved in essentials.”

“Oh, no!” said Elizabeth. “In essentials, I believe, he is very much
what he ever was.”

While she spoke, Wickham looked as if scarcely knowing whether to
rejoice over her words, or to distrust their meaning. There was a
something in her countenance which made him listen with an apprehensive
and anxious attention, while she added:

“When I said that he improved on acquaintance, I did not mean that
his mind or his manners were in a state of improvement, but that, from
knowing him better, his disposition was better understood.”

Wickham's alarm now appeared in a heightened complexion and agitated
look; for a few minutes he was silent, till, shaking off his
embarrassment, he turned to her again, and said in the gentlest of
accents:

“You, who so well know my feeling towards Mr. Darcy, will readily
comprehend how sincerely I must rejoice that he is wise enough to assume
even the _appearance_ of what is right. His pride, in that direction,
may be of service, if not to himself, to many others, for it must only
deter him from such foul misconduct as I have suffered by. I only
fear that the sort of cautiousness to which you, I imagine, have been
alluding, is merely adopted on his visits to his aunt, of whose good
opinion and judgement he stands much in awe. His fear of her has always
operated, I know, when they were together; and a good deal is to be
imputed to his wish of forwarding the match with Miss de Bourgh, which I
am certain he has very much at heart.”

Elizabeth could not repress a smile at this, but she answered only by a
slight inclination of the head. She saw that he wanted to engage her on
the old subject of his grievances, and she was in no humour to indulge
him. The rest of the evening passed with the _appearance_, on his
side, of usual cheerfulness, but with no further attempt to distinguish
Elizabeth; and they parted at last with mutual civility, and possibly a
mutual desire of never meeting again.

When the party broke up, Lydia returned with Mrs. Forster to Meryton,
from whence they were to set out early the next morning. The separation
between her and her family was rather noisy than pathetic. Kitty was the
only one who shed tears; but she did weep from vexation and envy. Mrs.
Bennet was diffuse in her good wishes for the felicity of her daughter,
and impressive in her injunctions that she should not miss the
opportunity of enjoying herself as much as possible--advice which
there was every reason to believe would be well attended to; and in
the clamorous happiness of Lydia herself in bidding farewell, the more
gentle adieus of her sisters were uttered without being heard.



Chapter 42


Had Elizabeth's opinion been all drawn from her own family, she could
not have formed a very pleasing opinion of conjugal felicity or domestic
comfort. Her father, captivated by youth and beauty, and that appearance
of good humour which youth and beauty generally give, had married a
woman whose weak understanding and illiberal mind had very early in
their marriage put an end to all real affection for her. Respect,
esteem, and confidence had vanished for ever; and all his views
of domestic happiness were overthrown. But Mr. Bennet was not of
a disposition to seek comfort for the disappointment which his own
imprudence had brought on, in any of those pleasures which too often
console the unfortunate for their folly or their vice. He was fond of
the country and of books; and from these tastes had arisen his principal
enjoyments. To his wife he was very little otherwise indebted, than as
her ignorance and folly had contributed to his amusement. This is not
the sort of happiness which a man would in general wish to owe to his
wife; but where other powers of entertainment are wanting, the true
philosopher will derive benefit from such as are given.

Elizabeth, however, had never been blind to the impropriety of her
father's behaviour as a husband. She had always seen it with pain; but
respecting his abilities, and grateful for his affectionate treatment of
herself, she endeavoured to forget what she could not overlook, and to
banish from her thoughts that continual breach of conjugal obligation
and decorum which, in exposing his wife to the contempt of her own
children, was so highly reprehensible. But she had never felt so
strongly as now the disadvantages which must attend the children of so
unsuitable a marriage, nor ever been so fully aware of the evils arising
from so ill-judged a direction of talents; talents, which, rightly used,
might at least have preserved the respectability of his daughters, even
if incapable of enlarging the mind of his wife.

When Elizabeth had rejoiced over Wickham's departure she found little
other cause for satisfaction in the loss of the regiment. Their parties
abroad were less varied than before, and at home she had a mother and
sister whose constant repinings at the dullness of everything around
them threw a real gloom over their domestic circle; and, though Kitty
might in time regain her natural degree of sense, since the disturbers
of her brain were removed, her other sister, from whose disposition
greater evil might be apprehended, was likely to be hardened in all
her folly and assurance by a situation of such double danger as a
watering-place and a camp. Upon the whole, therefore, she found, what
has been sometimes found before, that an event to which she had been
looking with impatient desire did not, in taking place, bring all the
satisfaction she had promised herself. It was consequently necessary to
name some other period for the commencement of actual felicity--to have
some other point on which her wishes and hopes might be fixed, and by
again enjoying the pleasure of anticipation, console herself for the
present, and prepare for another disappointment. Her tour to the Lakes
was now the object of her happiest thoughts; it was her best consolation
for all the uncomfortable hours which the discontentedness of her mother
and Kitty made inevitable; and could she have included Jane in the
scheme, every part of it would have been perfect.

“But it is fortunate,” thought she, “that I have something to wish for.
Were the whole arrangement complete, my disappointment would be certain.
But here, by carrying with me one ceaseless source of regret in my
sister's absence, I may reasonably hope to have all my expectations of
pleasure realised. A scheme of which every part promises delight can
never be successful; and general disappointment is only warded off by
the defence of some little peculiar vexation.”

When Lydia went away she promised to write very often and very minutely
to her mother and Kitty; but her letters were always long expected, and
always very short. Those to her mother contained little else than that
they were just returned from the library, where such and such officers
had attended them, and where she had seen such beautiful ornaments as
made her quite wild; that she had a new gown, or a new parasol, which
she would have described more fully, but was obliged to leave off in a
violent hurry, as Mrs. Forster called her, and they were going off to
the camp; and from her correspondence with her sister, there was still
less to be learnt--for her letters to Kitty, though rather longer, were
much too full of lines under the words to be made public.

After the first fortnight or three weeks of her absence, health, good
humour, and cheerfulness began to reappear at Longbourn. Everything wore
a happier aspect. The families who had been in town for the winter came
back again, and summer finery and summer engagements arose. Mrs. Bennet
was restored to her usual querulous serenity; and, by the middle of
June, Kitty was so much recovered as to be able to enter Meryton without
tears; an event of such happy promise as to make Elizabeth hope that by
the following Christmas she might be so tolerably reasonable as not to
mention an officer above once a day, unless, by some cruel and malicious
arrangement at the War Office, another regiment should be quartered in
Meryton.

The time fixed for the beginning of their northern tour was now fast
approaching, and a fortnight only was wanting of it, when a letter
arrived from Mrs. Gardiner, which at once delayed its commencement and
curtailed its extent. Mr. Gardiner would be prevented by business from
setting out till a fortnight later in July, and must be in London again
within a month, and as that left too short a period for them to go so
far, and see so much as they had proposed, or at least to see it with
the leisure and comfort they had built on, they were obliged to give up
the Lakes, and substitute a more contracted tour, and, according to the
present plan, were to go no farther northwards than Derbyshire. In that
county there was enough to be seen to occupy the chief of their three
weeks; and to Mrs. Gardiner it had a peculiarly strong attraction. The
town where she had formerly passed some years of her life, and where
they were now to spend a few days, was probably as great an object of
her curiosity as all the celebrated beauties of Matlock, Chatsworth,
Dovedale, or the Peak.

Elizabeth was excessively disappointed; she had set her heart on seeing
the Lakes, and still thought there might have been time enough. But it
was her business to be satisfied--and certainly her temper to be happy;
and all was soon right again.

With the mention of Derbyshire there were many ideas connected. It was
impossible for her to see the word without thinking of Pemberley and its
owner. “But surely,” said she, “I may enter his county with impunity,
and rob it of a few petrified spars without his perceiving me.”

The period of expectation was now doubled. Four weeks were to pass away
before her uncle and aunt's arrival. But they did pass away, and Mr.
and Mrs. Gardiner, with their four children, did at length appear at
Longbourn. The children, two girls of six and eight years old, and two
younger boys, were to be left under the particular care of their
cousin Jane, who was the general favourite, and whose steady sense and
sweetness of temper exactly adapted her for attending to them in every
way--teaching them, playing with them, and loving them.

The Gardiners stayed only one night at Longbourn, and set off the
next morning with Elizabeth in pursuit of novelty and amusement.
One enjoyment was certain--that of suitableness of companions;
a suitableness which comprehended health and temper to bear
inconveniences--cheerfulness to enhance every pleasure--and affection
and intelligence, which might supply it among themselves if there were
disappointments abroad.

It is not the object of this work to give a description of Derbyshire,
nor of any of the remarkable places through which their route thither
lay; Oxford, Blenheim, Warwick, Kenilworth, Birmingham, etc. are
sufficiently known. A small part of Derbyshire is all the present
concern. To the little town of Lambton, the scene of Mrs. Gardiner's
former residence, and where she had lately learned some acquaintance
still remained, they bent their steps, after having seen all the
principal wonders of the country; and within five miles of Lambton,
Elizabeth found from her aunt that Pemberley was situated. It was not
in their direct road, nor more than a mile or two out of it. In
talking over their route the evening before, Mrs. Gardiner expressed
an inclination to see the place again. Mr. Gardiner declared his
willingness, and Elizabeth was applied to for her approbation.

“My love, should not you like to see a place of which you have heard
so much?” said her aunt; “a place, too, with which so many of your
acquaintances are connected. Wickham passed all his youth there, you
know.”

Elizabeth was distressed. She felt that she had no business at
Pemberley, and was obliged to assume a disinclination for seeing it. She
must own that she was tired of seeing great houses; after going over so
many, she really had no pleasure in fine carpets or satin curtains.

Mrs. Gardiner abused her stupidity. “If it were merely a fine house
richly furnished,” said she, “I should not care about it myself; but
the grounds are delightful. They have some of the finest woods in the
country.”

Elizabeth said no more--but her mind could not acquiesce. The
possibility of meeting Mr. Darcy, while viewing the place, instantly
occurred. It would be dreadful! She blushed at the very idea, and
thought it would be better to speak openly to her aunt than to run such
a risk. But against this there were objections; and she finally resolved
that it could be the last resource, if her private inquiries to the
absence of the family were unfavourably answered.

Accordingly, when she retired at night, she asked the chambermaid
whether Pemberley were not a very fine place? what was the name of its
proprietor? and, with no little alarm, whether the family were down for
the summer? A most welcome negative followed the last question--and her
alarms now being removed, she was at leisure to feel a great deal of
curiosity to see the house herself; and when the subject was revived the
next morning, and she was again applied to, could readily answer, and
with a proper air of indifference, that she had not really any dislike
to the scheme. To Pemberley, therefore, they were to go.



Chapter 43


Elizabeth, as they drove along, watched for the first appearance of
Pemberley Woods with some perturbation; and when at length they turned
in at the lodge, her spirits were in a high flutter.

The park was very large, and contained great variety of ground. They
entered it in one of its lowest points, and drove for some time through
a beautiful wood stretching over a wide extent.

Elizabeth's mind was too full for conversation, but she saw and admired
every remarkable spot and point of view. They gradually ascended for
half-a-mile, and then found themselves at the top of a considerable
eminence, where the wood ceased, and the eye was instantly caught by
Pemberley House, situated on the opposite side of a valley, into which
the road with some abruptness wound. It was a large, handsome stone
building, standing well on rising ground, and backed by a ridge of
high woody hills; and in front, a stream of some natural importance was
swelled into greater, but without any artificial appearance. Its banks
were neither formal nor falsely adorned. Elizabeth was delighted. She
had never seen a place for which nature had done more, or where natural
beauty had been so little counteracted by an awkward taste. They were
all of them warm in their admiration; and at that moment she felt that
to be mistress of Pemberley might be something!

They descended the hill, crossed the bridge, and drove to the door; and,
while examining the nearer aspect of the house, all her apprehension of
meeting its owner returned. She dreaded lest the chambermaid had been
mistaken. On applying to see the place, they were admitted into the
hall; and Elizabeth, as they waited for the housekeeper, had leisure to
wonder at her being where she was.

The housekeeper came; a respectable-looking elderly woman, much less
fine, and more civil, than she had any notion of finding her. They
followed her into the dining-parlour. It was a large, well proportioned
room, handsomely fitted up. Elizabeth, after slightly surveying it, went
to a window to enjoy its prospect. The hill, crowned with wood, which
they had descended, receiving increased abruptness from the distance,
was a beautiful object. Every disposition of the ground was good; and
she looked on the whole scene, the river, the trees scattered on its
banks and the winding of the valley, as far as she could trace it,
with delight. As they passed into other rooms these objects were taking
different positions; but from every window there were beauties to be
seen. The rooms were lofty and handsome, and their furniture suitable to
the fortune of its proprietor; but Elizabeth saw, with admiration of
his taste, that it was neither gaudy nor uselessly fine; with less of
splendour, and more real elegance, than the furniture of Rosings.

“And of this place,” thought she, “I might have been mistress! With
these rooms I might now have been familiarly acquainted! Instead of
viewing them as a stranger, I might have rejoiced in them as my own, and
welcomed to them as visitors my uncle and aunt. But no,”--recollecting
herself--“that could never be; my uncle and aunt would have been lost to
me; I should not have been allowed to invite them.”

This was a lucky recollection--it saved her from something very like
regret.

She longed to inquire of the housekeeper whether her master was really
absent, but had not the courage for it. At length however, the question
was asked by her uncle; and she turned away with alarm, while Mrs.
Reynolds replied that he was, adding, “But we expect him to-morrow, with
a large party of friends.” How rejoiced was Elizabeth that their own
journey had not by any circumstance been delayed a day!

Her aunt now called her to look at a picture. She approached and saw the
likeness of Mr. Wickham, suspended, amongst several other miniatures,
over the mantelpiece. Her aunt asked her, smilingly, how she liked it.
The housekeeper came forward, and told them it was a picture of a young
gentleman, the son of her late master's steward, who had been brought
up by him at his own expense. “He is now gone into the army,” she added;
“but I am afraid he has turned out very wild.”

Mrs. Gardiner looked at her niece with a smile, but Elizabeth could not
return it.

“And that,” said Mrs. Reynolds, pointing to another of the miniatures,
“is my master--and very like him. It was drawn at the same time as the
other--about eight years ago.”

“I have heard much of your master's fine person,” said Mrs. Gardiner,
looking at the picture; “it is a handsome face. But, Lizzy, you can tell
us whether it is like or not.”

Mrs. Reynolds respect for Elizabeth seemed to increase on this
intimation of her knowing her master.

“Does that young lady know Mr. Darcy?”

Elizabeth coloured, and said: “A little.”

“And do not you think him a very handsome gentleman, ma'am?”

“Yes, very handsome.”

“I am sure I know none so handsome; but in the gallery up stairs you
will see a finer, larger picture of him than this. This room was my late
master's favourite room, and these miniatures are just as they used to
be then. He was very fond of them.”

This accounted to Elizabeth for Mr. Wickham's being among them.

Mrs. Reynolds then directed their attention to one of Miss Darcy, drawn
when she was only eight years old.

“And is Miss Darcy as handsome as her brother?” said Mrs. Gardiner.

“Oh! yes--the handsomest young lady that ever was seen; and so
accomplished!--She plays and sings all day long. In the next room is
a new instrument just come down for her--a present from my master; she
comes here to-morrow with him.”

Mr. Gardiner, whose manners were very easy and pleasant, encouraged her
communicativeness by his questions and remarks; Mrs. Reynolds, either
by pride or attachment, had evidently great pleasure in talking of her
master and his sister.

“Is your master much at Pemberley in the course of the year?”

“Not so much as I could wish, sir; but I dare say he may spend half his
time here; and Miss Darcy is always down for the summer months.”

“Except,” thought Elizabeth, “when she goes to Ramsgate.”

“If your master would marry, you might see more of him.”

“Yes, sir; but I do not know when _that_ will be. I do not know who is
good enough for him.”

Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner smiled. Elizabeth could not help saying, “It is
very much to his credit, I am sure, that you should think so.”

“I say no more than the truth, and everybody will say that knows him,”
 replied the other. Elizabeth thought this was going pretty far; and she
listened with increasing astonishment as the housekeeper added, “I have
never known a cross word from him in my life, and I have known him ever
since he was four years old.”

This was praise, of all others most extraordinary, most opposite to her
ideas. That he was not a good-tempered man had been her firmest opinion.
Her keenest attention was awakened; she longed to hear more, and was
grateful to her uncle for saying:

“There are very few people of whom so much can be said. You are lucky in
having such a master.”

“Yes, sir, I know I am. If I were to go through the world, I could
not meet with a better. But I have always observed, that they who are
good-natured when children, are good-natured when they grow up; and
he was always the sweetest-tempered, most generous-hearted boy in the
world.”

Elizabeth almost stared at her. “Can this be Mr. Darcy?” thought she.

“His father was an excellent man,” said Mrs. Gardiner.

“Yes, ma'am, that he was indeed; and his son will be just like him--just
as affable to the poor.”

Elizabeth listened, wondered, doubted, and was impatient for more. Mrs.
Reynolds could interest her on no other point. She related the subjects
of the pictures, the dimensions of the rooms, and the price of the
furniture, in vain. Mr. Gardiner, highly amused by the kind of family
prejudice to which he attributed her excessive commendation of her
master, soon led again to the subject; and she dwelt with energy on his
many merits as they proceeded together up the great staircase.

“He is the best landlord, and the best master,” said she, “that ever
lived; not like the wild young men nowadays, who think of nothing but
themselves. There is not one of his tenants or servants but will give
him a good name. Some people call him proud; but I am sure I never saw
anything of it. To my fancy, it is only because he does not rattle away
like other young men.”

“In what an amiable light does this place him!” thought Elizabeth.

“This fine account of him,” whispered her aunt as they walked, “is not
quite consistent with his behaviour to our poor friend.”

“Perhaps we might be deceived.”

“That is not very likely; our authority was too good.”

On reaching the spacious lobby above they were shown into a very pretty
sitting-room, lately fitted up with greater elegance and lightness than
the apartments below; and were informed that it was but just done to
give pleasure to Miss Darcy, who had taken a liking to the room when
last at Pemberley.

“He is certainly a good brother,” said Elizabeth, as she walked towards
one of the windows.

Mrs. Reynolds anticipated Miss Darcy's delight, when she should enter
the room. “And this is always the way with him,” she added. “Whatever
can give his sister any pleasure is sure to be done in a moment. There
is nothing he would not do for her.”

The picture-gallery, and two or three of the principal bedrooms, were
all that remained to be shown. In the former were many good paintings;
but Elizabeth knew nothing of the art; and from such as had been already
visible below, she had willingly turned to look at some drawings of Miss
Darcy's, in crayons, whose subjects were usually more interesting, and
also more intelligible.

In the gallery there were many family portraits, but they could have
little to fix the attention of a stranger. Elizabeth walked in quest of
the only face whose features would be known to her. At last it arrested
her--and she beheld a striking resemblance to Mr. Darcy, with such a
smile over the face as she remembered to have sometimes seen when he
looked at her. She stood several minutes before the picture, in earnest
contemplation, and returned to it again before they quitted the gallery.
Mrs. Reynolds informed them that it had been taken in his father's
lifetime.

There was certainly at this moment, in Elizabeth's mind, a more gentle
sensation towards the original than she had ever felt at the height of
their acquaintance. The commendation bestowed on him by Mrs. Reynolds
was of no trifling nature. What praise is more valuable than the praise
of an intelligent servant? As a brother, a landlord, a master, she
considered how many people's happiness were in his guardianship!--how
much of pleasure or pain was it in his power to bestow!--how much of
good or evil must be done by him! Every idea that had been brought
forward by the housekeeper was favourable to his character, and as she
stood before the canvas on which he was represented, and fixed his
eyes upon herself, she thought of his regard with a deeper sentiment of
gratitude than it had ever raised before; she remembered its warmth, and
softened its impropriety of expression.

When all of the house that was open to general inspection had been seen,
they returned downstairs, and, taking leave of the housekeeper, were
consigned over to the gardener, who met them at the hall-door.

As they walked across the hall towards the river, Elizabeth turned back
to look again; her uncle and aunt stopped also, and while the former
was conjecturing as to the date of the building, the owner of it himself
suddenly came forward from the road, which led behind it to the stables.

They were within twenty yards of each other, and so abrupt was his
appearance, that it was impossible to avoid his sight. Their eyes
instantly met, and the cheeks of both were overspread with the deepest
blush. He absolutely started, and for a moment seemed immovable from
surprise; but shortly recovering himself, advanced towards the party,
and spoke to Elizabeth, if not in terms of perfect composure, at least
of perfect civility.

She had instinctively turned away; but stopping on his approach,
received his compliments with an embarrassment impossible to be
overcome. Had his first appearance, or his resemblance to the picture
they had just been examining, been insufficient to assure the other two
that they now saw Mr. Darcy, the gardener's expression of surprise, on
beholding his master, must immediately have told it. They stood a little
aloof while he was talking to their niece, who, astonished and confused,
scarcely dared lift her eyes to his face, and knew not what answer
she returned to his civil inquiries after her family. Amazed at the
alteration of his manner since they last parted, every sentence that
he uttered was increasing her embarrassment; and every idea of the
impropriety of her being found there recurring to her mind, the few
minutes in which they continued were some of the most uncomfortable in
her life. Nor did he seem much more at ease; when he spoke, his accent
had none of its usual sedateness; and he repeated his inquiries as
to the time of her having left Longbourn, and of her having stayed in
Derbyshire, so often, and in so hurried a way, as plainly spoke the
distraction of his thoughts.

At length every idea seemed to fail him; and, after standing a few
moments without saying a word, he suddenly recollected himself, and took
leave.

The others then joined her, and expressed admiration of his figure; but
Elizabeth heard not a word, and wholly engrossed by her own feelings,
followed them in silence. She was overpowered by shame and vexation. Her
coming there was the most unfortunate, the most ill-judged thing in the
world! How strange it must appear to him! In what a disgraceful light
might it not strike so vain a man! It might seem as if she had purposely
thrown herself in his way again! Oh! why did she come? Or, why did he
thus come a day before he was expected? Had they been only ten minutes
sooner, they should have been beyond the reach of his discrimination;
for it was plain that he was that moment arrived--that moment alighted
from his horse or his carriage. She blushed again and again over
the perverseness of the meeting. And his behaviour, so strikingly
altered--what could it mean? That he should even speak to her was
amazing!--but to speak with such civility, to inquire after her family!
Never in her life had she seen his manners so little dignified, never
had he spoken with such gentleness as on this unexpected meeting. What
a contrast did it offer to his last address in Rosings Park, when he put
his letter into her hand! She knew not what to think, or how to account
for it.

They had now entered a beautiful walk by the side of the water, and
every step was bringing forward a nobler fall of ground, or a finer
reach of the woods to which they were approaching; but it was some time
before Elizabeth was sensible of any of it; and, though she answered
mechanically to the repeated appeals of her uncle and aunt, and
seemed to direct her eyes to such objects as they pointed out, she
distinguished no part of the scene. Her thoughts were all fixed on that
one spot of Pemberley House, whichever it might be, where Mr. Darcy then
was. She longed to know what at the moment was passing in his mind--in
what manner he thought of her, and whether, in defiance of everything,
she was still dear to him. Perhaps he had been civil only because he
felt himself at ease; yet there had been _that_ in his voice which was
not like ease. Whether he had felt more of pain or of pleasure in
seeing her she could not tell, but he certainly had not seen her with
composure.

At length, however, the remarks of her companions on her absence of mind
aroused her, and she felt the necessity of appearing more like herself.

They entered the woods, and bidding adieu to the river for a while,
ascended some of the higher grounds; when, in spots where the opening of
the trees gave the eye power to wander, were many charming views of the
valley, the opposite hills, with the long range of woods overspreading
many, and occasionally part of the stream. Mr. Gardiner expressed a wish
of going round the whole park, but feared it might be beyond a walk.
With a triumphant smile they were told that it was ten miles round.
It settled the matter; and they pursued the accustomed circuit; which
brought them again, after some time, in a descent among hanging woods,
to the edge of the water, and one of its narrowest parts. They crossed
it by a simple bridge, in character with the general air of the scene;
it was a spot less adorned than any they had yet visited; and the
valley, here contracted into a glen, allowed room only for the stream,
and a narrow walk amidst the rough coppice-wood which bordered it.
Elizabeth longed to explore its windings; but when they had crossed the
bridge, and perceived their distance from the house, Mrs. Gardiner,
who was not a great walker, could go no farther, and thought only
of returning to the carriage as quickly as possible. Her niece was,
therefore, obliged to submit, and they took their way towards the house
on the opposite side of the river, in the nearest direction; but their
progress was slow, for Mr. Gardiner, though seldom able to indulge the
taste, was very fond of fishing, and was so much engaged in watching the
occasional appearance of some trout in the water, and talking to the
man about them, that he advanced but little. Whilst wandering on in this
slow manner, they were again surprised, and Elizabeth's astonishment
was quite equal to what it had been at first, by the sight of Mr. Darcy
approaching them, and at no great distance. The walk being here
less sheltered than on the other side, allowed them to see him before
they met. Elizabeth, however astonished, was at least more prepared
for an interview than before, and resolved to appear and to speak with
calmness, if he really intended to meet them. For a few moments, indeed,
she felt that he would probably strike into some other path. The idea
lasted while a turning in the walk concealed him from their view; the
turning past, he was immediately before them. With a glance, she saw
that he had lost none of his recent civility; and, to imitate his
politeness, she began, as they met, to admire the beauty of the place;
but she had not got beyond the words “delightful,” and “charming,” when
some unlucky recollections obtruded, and she fancied that praise of
Pemberley from her might be mischievously construed. Her colour changed,
and she said no more.

Mrs. Gardiner was standing a little behind; and on her pausing, he asked
her if she would do him the honour of introducing him to her friends.
This was a stroke of civility for which she was quite unprepared;
and she could hardly suppress a smile at his being now seeking the
acquaintance of some of those very people against whom his pride had
revolted in his offer to herself. “What will be his surprise,” thought
she, “when he knows who they are? He takes them now for people of
fashion.”

The introduction, however, was immediately made; and as she named their
relationship to herself, she stole a sly look at him, to see how he bore
it, and was not without the expectation of his decamping as fast as he
could from such disgraceful companions. That he was _surprised_ by the
connection was evident; he sustained it, however, with fortitude, and
so far from going away, turned back with them, and entered into
conversation with Mr. Gardiner. Elizabeth could not but be pleased,
could not but triumph. It was consoling that he should know she had
some relations for whom there was no need to blush. She listened most
attentively to all that passed between them, and gloried in every
expression, every sentence of her uncle, which marked his intelligence,
his taste, or his good manners.

The conversation soon turned upon fishing; and she heard Mr. Darcy
invite him, with the greatest civility, to fish there as often as he
chose while he continued in the neighbourhood, offering at the same time
to supply him with fishing tackle, and pointing out those parts of
the stream where there was usually most sport. Mrs. Gardiner, who was
walking arm-in-arm with Elizabeth, gave her a look expressive of wonder.
Elizabeth said nothing, but it gratified her exceedingly; the compliment
must be all for herself. Her astonishment, however, was extreme, and
continually was she repeating, “Why is he so altered? From what can
it proceed? It cannot be for _me_--it cannot be for _my_ sake that his
manners are thus softened. My reproofs at Hunsford could not work such a
change as this. It is impossible that he should still love me.”

After walking some time in this way, the two ladies in front, the two
gentlemen behind, on resuming their places, after descending to
the brink of the river for the better inspection of some curious
water-plant, there chanced to be a little alteration. It originated
in Mrs. Gardiner, who, fatigued by the exercise of the morning, found
Elizabeth's arm inadequate to her support, and consequently preferred
her husband's. Mr. Darcy took her place by her niece, and they walked on
together. After a short silence, the lady first spoke. She wished him
to know that she had been assured of his absence before she came to the
place, and accordingly began by observing, that his arrival had been
very unexpected--“for your housekeeper,” she added, “informed us that
you would certainly not be here till to-morrow; and indeed, before we
left Bakewell, we understood that you were not immediately expected
in the country.” He acknowledged the truth of it all, and said that
business with his steward had occasioned his coming forward a few hours
before the rest of the party with whom he had been travelling. “They
will join me early to-morrow,” he continued, “and among them are some
who will claim an acquaintance with you--Mr. Bingley and his sisters.”

Elizabeth answered only by a slight bow. Her thoughts were instantly
driven back to the time when Mr. Bingley's name had been the last
mentioned between them; and, if she might judge by his complexion, _his_
mind was not very differently engaged.

“There is also one other person in the party,” he continued after a
pause, “who more particularly wishes to be known to you. Will you allow
me, or do I ask too much, to introduce my sister to your acquaintance
during your stay at Lambton?”

The surprise of such an application was great indeed; it was too great
for her to know in what manner she acceded to it. She immediately felt
that whatever desire Miss Darcy might have of being acquainted with her
must be the work of her brother, and, without looking farther, it was
satisfactory; it was gratifying to know that his resentment had not made
him think really ill of her.

They now walked on in silence, each of them deep in thought. Elizabeth
was not comfortable; that was impossible; but she was flattered and
pleased. His wish of introducing his sister to her was a compliment of
the highest kind. They soon outstripped the others, and when they had
reached the carriage, Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner were half a quarter of a
mile behind.

He then asked her to walk into the house--but she declared herself not
tired, and they stood together on the lawn. At such a time much might
have been said, and silence was very awkward. She wanted to talk, but
there seemed to be an embargo on every subject. At last she recollected
that she had been travelling, and they talked of Matlock and Dove Dale
with great perseverance. Yet time and her aunt moved slowly--and her
patience and her ideas were nearly worn out before the tete-a-tete was
over. On Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner's coming up they were all pressed to go
into the house and take some refreshment; but this was declined, and
they parted on each side with utmost politeness. Mr. Darcy handed the
ladies into the carriage; and when it drove off, Elizabeth saw him
walking slowly towards the house.

The observations of her uncle and aunt now began; and each of them
pronounced him to be infinitely superior to anything they had expected.
“He is perfectly well behaved, polite, and unassuming,” said her uncle.

“There _is_ something a little stately in him, to be sure,” replied her
aunt, “but it is confined to his air, and is not unbecoming. I can now
say with the housekeeper, that though some people may call him proud, I
have seen nothing of it.”

“I was never more surprised than by his behaviour to us. It was more
than civil; it was really attentive; and there was no necessity for such
attention. His acquaintance with Elizabeth was very trifling.”

“To be sure, Lizzy,” said her aunt, “he is not so handsome as Wickham;
or, rather, he has not Wickham's countenance, for his features
are perfectly good. But how came you to tell me that he was so
disagreeable?”

Elizabeth excused herself as well as she could; said that she had liked
him better when they had met in Kent than before, and that she had never
seen him so pleasant as this morning.

“But perhaps he may be a little whimsical in his civilities,” replied
her uncle. “Your great men often are; and therefore I shall not take him
at his word, as he might change his mind another day, and warn me off
his grounds.”

Elizabeth felt that they had entirely misunderstood his character, but
said nothing.

“From what we have seen of him,” continued Mrs. Gardiner, “I really
should not have thought that he could have behaved in so cruel a way by
anybody as he has done by poor Wickham. He has not an ill-natured look.
On the contrary, there is something pleasing about his mouth when he
speaks. And there is something of dignity in his countenance that would
not give one an unfavourable idea of his heart. But, to be sure, the
good lady who showed us his house did give him a most flaming character!
I could hardly help laughing aloud sometimes. But he is a liberal
master, I suppose, and _that_ in the eye of a servant comprehends every
virtue.”

Elizabeth here felt herself called on to say something in vindication of
his behaviour to Wickham; and therefore gave them to understand, in
as guarded a manner as she could, that by what she had heard from
his relations in Kent, his actions were capable of a very different
construction; and that his character was by no means so faulty, nor
Wickham's so amiable, as they had been considered in Hertfordshire. In
confirmation of this, she related the particulars of all the pecuniary
transactions in which they had been connected, without actually naming
her authority, but stating it to be such as might be relied on.

Mrs. Gardiner was surprised and concerned; but as they were now
approaching the scene of her former pleasures, every idea gave way to
the charm of recollection; and she was too much engaged in pointing out
to her husband all the interesting spots in its environs to think of
anything else. Fatigued as she had been by the morning's walk they
had no sooner dined than she set off again in quest of her former
acquaintance, and the evening was spent in the satisfactions of an
intercourse renewed after many years' discontinuance.

The occurrences of the day were too full of interest to leave Elizabeth
much attention for any of these new friends; and she could do nothing
but think, and think with wonder, of Mr. Darcy's civility, and, above
all, of his wishing her to be acquainted with his sister.



Chapter 44


Elizabeth had settled it that Mr. Darcy would bring his sister to visit
her the very day after her reaching Pemberley; and was consequently
resolved not to be out of sight of the inn the whole of that morning.
But her conclusion was false; for on the very morning after their
arrival at Lambton, these visitors came. They had been walking about the
place with some of their new friends, and were just returning to the inn
to dress themselves for dining with the same family, when the sound of a
carriage drew them to a window, and they saw a gentleman and a lady in
a curricle driving up the street. Elizabeth immediately recognizing
the livery, guessed what it meant, and imparted no small degree of her
surprise to her relations by acquainting them with the honour which she
expected. Her uncle and aunt were all amazement; and the embarrassment
of her manner as she spoke, joined to the circumstance itself, and many
of the circumstances of the preceding day, opened to them a new idea on
the business. Nothing had ever suggested it before, but they felt that
there was no other way of accounting for such attentions from such a
quarter than by supposing a partiality for their niece. While these
newly-born notions were passing in their heads, the perturbation of
Elizabeth's feelings was at every moment increasing. She was quite
amazed at her own discomposure; but amongst other causes of disquiet,
she dreaded lest the partiality of the brother should have said too much
in her favour; and, more than commonly anxious to please, she naturally
suspected that every power of pleasing would fail her.

She retreated from the window, fearful of being seen; and as she walked
up and down the room, endeavouring to compose herself, saw such looks of
inquiring surprise in her uncle and aunt as made everything worse.

Miss Darcy and her brother appeared, and this formidable introduction
took place. With astonishment did Elizabeth see that her new
acquaintance was at least as much embarrassed as herself. Since her
being at Lambton, she had heard that Miss Darcy was exceedingly proud;
but the observation of a very few minutes convinced her that she was
only exceedingly shy. She found it difficult to obtain even a word from
her beyond a monosyllable.

Miss Darcy was tall, and on a larger scale than Elizabeth; and, though
little more than sixteen, her figure was formed, and her appearance
womanly and graceful. She was less handsome than her brother; but there
was sense and good humour in her face, and her manners were perfectly
unassuming and gentle. Elizabeth, who had expected to find in her as
acute and unembarrassed an observer as ever Mr. Darcy had been, was much
relieved by discerning such different feelings.

They had not long been together before Mr. Darcy told her that Bingley
was also coming to wait on her; and she had barely time to express her
satisfaction, and prepare for such a visitor, when Bingley's quick
step was heard on the stairs, and in a moment he entered the room. All
Elizabeth's anger against him had been long done away; but had she still
felt any, it could hardly have stood its ground against the unaffected
cordiality with which he expressed himself on seeing her again. He
inquired in a friendly, though general way, after her family, and looked
and spoke with the same good-humoured ease that he had ever done.

To Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner he was scarcely a less interesting personage
than to herself. They had long wished to see him. The whole party before
them, indeed, excited a lively attention. The suspicions which had just
arisen of Mr. Darcy and their niece directed their observation towards
each with an earnest though guarded inquiry; and they soon drew from
those inquiries the full conviction that one of them at least knew
what it was to love. Of the lady's sensations they remained a little
in doubt; but that the gentleman was overflowing with admiration was
evident enough.

Elizabeth, on her side, had much to do. She wanted to ascertain the
feelings of each of her visitors; she wanted to compose her own, and
to make herself agreeable to all; and in the latter object, where she
feared most to fail, she was most sure of success, for those to whom she
endeavoured to give pleasure were prepossessed in her favour. Bingley
was ready, Georgiana was eager, and Darcy determined, to be pleased.

In seeing Bingley, her thoughts naturally flew to her sister; and, oh!
how ardently did she long to know whether any of his were directed in
a like manner. Sometimes she could fancy that he talked less than on
former occasions, and once or twice pleased herself with the notion
that, as he looked at her, he was trying to trace a resemblance. But,
though this might be imaginary, she could not be deceived as to his
behaviour to Miss Darcy, who had been set up as a rival to Jane. No look
appeared on either side that spoke particular regard. Nothing occurred
between them that could justify the hopes of his sister. On this point
she was soon satisfied; and two or three little circumstances occurred
ere they parted, which, in her anxious interpretation, denoted a
recollection of Jane not untinctured by tenderness, and a wish of saying
more that might lead to the mention of her, had he dared. He observed
to her, at a moment when the others were talking together, and in a tone
which had something of real regret, that it “was a very long time since
he had had the pleasure of seeing her;” and, before she could reply,
he added, “It is above eight months. We have not met since the 26th of
November, when we were all dancing together at Netherfield.”

Elizabeth was pleased to find his memory so exact; and he afterwards
took occasion to ask her, when unattended to by any of the rest, whether
_all_ her sisters were at Longbourn. There was not much in the question,
nor in the preceding remark; but there was a look and a manner which
gave them meaning.

It was not often that she could turn her eyes on Mr. Darcy himself;
but, whenever she did catch a glimpse, she saw an expression of general
complaisance, and in all that he said she heard an accent so removed
from _hauteur_ or disdain of his companions, as convinced her that
the improvement of manners which she had yesterday witnessed however
temporary its existence might prove, had at least outlived one day. When
she saw him thus seeking the acquaintance and courting the good opinion
of people with whom any intercourse a few months ago would have been a
disgrace--when she saw him thus civil, not only to herself, but to the
very relations whom he had openly disdained, and recollected their last
lively scene in Hunsford Parsonage--the difference, the change was
so great, and struck so forcibly on her mind, that she could hardly
restrain her astonishment from being visible. Never, even in the company
of his dear friends at Netherfield, or his dignified relations
at Rosings, had she seen him so desirous to please, so free from
self-consequence or unbending reserve, as now, when no importance
could result from the success of his endeavours, and when even the
acquaintance of those to whom his attentions were addressed would draw
down the ridicule and censure of the ladies both of Netherfield and
Rosings.

Their visitors stayed with them above half-an-hour; and when they arose
to depart, Mr. Darcy called on his sister to join him in expressing
their wish of seeing Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner, and Miss Bennet, to dinner
at Pemberley, before they left the country. Miss Darcy, though with a
diffidence which marked her little in the habit of giving invitations,
readily obeyed. Mrs. Gardiner looked at her niece, desirous of knowing
how _she_, whom the invitation most concerned, felt disposed as to its
acceptance, but Elizabeth had turned away her head. Presuming however,
that this studied avoidance spoke rather a momentary embarrassment than
any dislike of the proposal, and seeing in her husband, who was fond of
society, a perfect willingness to accept it, she ventured to engage for
her attendance, and the day after the next was fixed on.

Bingley expressed great pleasure in the certainty of seeing Elizabeth
again, having still a great deal to say to her, and many inquiries to
make after all their Hertfordshire friends. Elizabeth, construing all
this into a wish of hearing her speak of her sister, was pleased, and on
this account, as well as some others, found herself, when their
visitors left them, capable of considering the last half-hour with some
satisfaction, though while it was passing, the enjoyment of it had been
little. Eager to be alone, and fearful of inquiries or hints from her
uncle and aunt, she stayed with them only long enough to hear their
favourable opinion of Bingley, and then hurried away to dress.

But she had no reason to fear Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner's curiosity; it was
not their wish to force her communication. It was evident that she was
much better acquainted with Mr. Darcy than they had before any idea of;
it was evident that he was very much in love with her. They saw much to
interest, but nothing to justify inquiry.

Of Mr. Darcy it was now a matter of anxiety to think well; and, as far
as their acquaintance reached, there was no fault to find. They could
not be untouched by his politeness; and had they drawn his character
from their own feelings and his servant's report, without any reference
to any other account, the circle in Hertfordshire to which he was known
would not have recognized it for Mr. Darcy. There was now an interest,
however, in believing the housekeeper; and they soon became sensible
that the authority of a servant who had known him since he was four
years old, and whose own manners indicated respectability, was not to be
hastily rejected. Neither had anything occurred in the intelligence of
their Lambton friends that could materially lessen its weight. They had
nothing to accuse him of but pride; pride he probably had, and if not,
it would certainly be imputed by the inhabitants of a small market-town
where the family did not visit. It was acknowledged, however, that he
was a liberal man, and did much good among the poor.

With respect to Wickham, the travellers soon found that he was not held
there in much estimation; for though the chief of his concerns with the
son of his patron were imperfectly understood, it was yet a well-known
fact that, on his quitting Derbyshire, he had left many debts behind
him, which Mr. Darcy afterwards discharged.

As for Elizabeth, her thoughts were at Pemberley this evening more than
the last; and the evening, though as it passed it seemed long, was not
long enough to determine her feelings towards _one_ in that mansion;
and she lay awake two whole hours endeavouring to make them out. She
certainly did not hate him. No; hatred had vanished long ago, and she
had almost as long been ashamed of ever feeling a dislike against him,
that could be so called. The respect created by the conviction of his
valuable qualities, though at first unwillingly admitted, had for some
time ceased to be repugnant to her feeling; and it was now heightened
into somewhat of a friendlier nature, by the testimony so highly in
his favour, and bringing forward his disposition in so amiable a light,
which yesterday had produced. But above all, above respect and esteem,
there was a motive within her of goodwill which could not be overlooked.
It was gratitude; gratitude, not merely for having once loved her,
but for loving her still well enough to forgive all the petulance and
acrimony of her manner in rejecting him, and all the unjust accusations
accompanying her rejection. He who, she had been persuaded, would avoid
her as his greatest enemy, seemed, on this accidental meeting, most
eager to preserve the acquaintance, and without any indelicate display
of regard, or any peculiarity of manner, where their two selves only
were concerned, was soliciting the good opinion of her friends, and bent
on making her known to his sister. Such a change in a man of so much
pride exciting not only astonishment but gratitude--for to love, ardent
love, it must be attributed; and as such its impression on her was of a
sort to be encouraged, as by no means unpleasing, though it could not be
exactly defined. She respected, she esteemed, she was grateful to him,
she felt a real interest in his welfare; and she only wanted to know how
far she wished that welfare to depend upon herself, and how far it would
be for the happiness of both that she should employ the power, which her
fancy told her she still possessed, of bringing on her the renewal of
his addresses.

It had been settled in the evening between the aunt and the niece, that
such a striking civility as Miss Darcy's in coming to see them on the
very day of her arrival at Pemberley, for she had reached it only to a
late breakfast, ought to be imitated, though it could not be equalled,
by some exertion of politeness on their side; and, consequently, that
it would be highly expedient to wait on her at Pemberley the following
morning. They were, therefore, to go. Elizabeth was pleased; though when
she asked herself the reason, she had very little to say in reply.

Mr. Gardiner left them soon after breakfast. The fishing scheme had been
renewed the day before, and a positive engagement made of his meeting
some of the gentlemen at Pemberley before noon.



Chapter 45


Convinced as Elizabeth now was that Miss Bingley's dislike of her had
originated in jealousy, she could not help feeling how unwelcome her
appearance at Pemberley must be to her, and was curious to know with how
much civility on that lady's side the acquaintance would now be renewed.

On reaching the house, they were shown through the hall into the saloon,
whose northern aspect rendered it delightful for summer. Its windows
opening to the ground, admitted a most refreshing view of the high woody
hills behind the house, and of the beautiful oaks and Spanish chestnuts
which were scattered over the intermediate lawn.

In this house they were received by Miss Darcy, who was sitting there
with Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley, and the lady with whom she lived in
London. Georgiana's reception of them was very civil, but attended with
all the embarrassment which, though proceeding from shyness and the fear
of doing wrong, would easily give to those who felt themselves inferior
the belief of her being proud and reserved. Mrs. Gardiner and her niece,
however, did her justice, and pitied her.

By Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley they were noticed only by a curtsey; and,
on their being seated, a pause, awkward as such pauses must always be,
succeeded for a few moments. It was first broken by Mrs. Annesley, a
genteel, agreeable-looking woman, whose endeavour to introduce some kind
of discourse proved her to be more truly well-bred than either of the
others; and between her and Mrs. Gardiner, with occasional help from
Elizabeth, the conversation was carried on. Miss Darcy looked as if she
wished for courage enough to join in it; and sometimes did venture a
short sentence when there was least danger of its being heard.

Elizabeth soon saw that she was herself closely watched by Miss Bingley,
and that she could not speak a word, especially to Miss Darcy, without
calling her attention. This observation would not have prevented her
from trying to talk to the latter, had they not been seated at an
inconvenient distance; but she was not sorry to be spared the necessity
of saying much. Her own thoughts were employing her. She expected every
moment that some of the gentlemen would enter the room. She wished, she
feared that the master of the house might be amongst them; and whether
she wished or feared it most, she could scarcely determine. After
sitting in this manner a quarter of an hour without hearing Miss
Bingley's voice, Elizabeth was roused by receiving from her a cold
inquiry after the health of her family. She answered with equal
indifference and brevity, and the other said no more.

The next variation which their visit afforded was produced by the
entrance of servants with cold meat, cake, and a variety of all the
finest fruits in season; but this did not take place till after many
a significant look and smile from Mrs. Annesley to Miss Darcy had been
given, to remind her of her post. There was now employment for the whole
party--for though they could not all talk, they could all eat; and the
beautiful pyramids of grapes, nectarines, and peaches soon collected
them round the table.

While thus engaged, Elizabeth had a fair opportunity of deciding whether
she most feared or wished for the appearance of Mr. Darcy, by the
feelings which prevailed on his entering the room; and then, though but
a moment before she had believed her wishes to predominate, she began to
regret that he came.

He had been some time with Mr. Gardiner, who, with two or three other
gentlemen from the house, was engaged by the river, and had left him
only on learning that the ladies of the family intended a visit to
Georgiana that morning. No sooner did he appear than Elizabeth wisely
resolved to be perfectly easy and unembarrassed; a resolution the more
necessary to be made, but perhaps not the more easily kept, because she
saw that the suspicions of the whole party were awakened against them,
and that there was scarcely an eye which did not watch his behaviour
when he first came into the room. In no countenance was attentive
curiosity so strongly marked as in Miss Bingley's, in spite of the
smiles which overspread her face whenever she spoke to one of its
objects; for jealousy had not yet made her desperate, and her attentions
to Mr. Darcy were by no means over. Miss Darcy, on her brother's
entrance, exerted herself much more to talk, and Elizabeth saw that he
was anxious for his sister and herself to get acquainted, and forwarded
as much as possible, every attempt at conversation on either side. Miss
Bingley saw all this likewise; and, in the imprudence of anger, took the
first opportunity of saying, with sneering civility:

“Pray, Miss Eliza, are not the ----shire Militia removed from Meryton?
They must be a great loss to _your_ family.”

In Darcy's presence she dared not mention Wickham's name; but Elizabeth
instantly comprehended that he was uppermost in her thoughts; and the
various recollections connected with him gave her a moment's distress;
but exerting herself vigorously to repel the ill-natured attack, she
presently answered the question in a tolerably detached tone. While
she spoke, an involuntary glance showed her Darcy, with a heightened
complexion, earnestly looking at her, and his sister overcome with
confusion, and unable to lift up her eyes. Had Miss Bingley known what
pain she was then giving her beloved friend, she undoubtedly would
have refrained from the hint; but she had merely intended to discompose
Elizabeth by bringing forward the idea of a man to whom she believed
her partial, to make her betray a sensibility which might injure her in
Darcy's opinion, and, perhaps, to remind the latter of all the follies
and absurdities by which some part of her family were connected
with that corps. Not a syllable had ever reached her of Miss Darcy's
meditated elopement. To no creature had it been revealed, where secrecy
was possible, except to Elizabeth; and from all Bingley's connections
her brother was particularly anxious to conceal it, from the very
wish which Elizabeth had long ago attributed to him, of their becoming
hereafter her own. He had certainly formed such a plan, and without
meaning that it should affect his endeavour to separate him from Miss
Bennet, it is probable that it might add something to his lively concern
for the welfare of his friend.

Elizabeth's collected behaviour, however, soon quieted his emotion; and
as Miss Bingley, vexed and disappointed, dared not approach nearer to
Wickham, Georgiana also recovered in time, though not enough to be able
to speak any more. Her brother, whose eye she feared to meet, scarcely
recollected her interest in the affair, and the very circumstance which
had been designed to turn his thoughts from Elizabeth seemed to have
fixed them on her more and more cheerfully.

Their visit did not continue long after the question and answer above
mentioned; and while Mr. Darcy was attending them to their carriage Miss
Bingley was venting her feelings in criticisms on Elizabeth's person,
behaviour, and dress. But Georgiana would not join her. Her brother's
recommendation was enough to ensure her favour; his judgement could not
err. And he had spoken in such terms of Elizabeth as to leave Georgiana
without the power of finding her otherwise than lovely and amiable. When
Darcy returned to the saloon, Miss Bingley could not help repeating to
him some part of what she had been saying to his sister.

“How very ill Miss Eliza Bennet looks this morning, Mr. Darcy,” she
cried; “I never in my life saw anyone so much altered as she is since
the winter. She is grown so brown and coarse! Louisa and I were agreeing
that we should not have known her again.”

However little Mr. Darcy might have liked such an address, he contented
himself with coolly replying that he perceived no other alteration than
her being rather tanned, no miraculous consequence of travelling in the
summer.

“For my own part,” she rejoined, “I must confess that I never could
see any beauty in her. Her face is too thin; her complexion has no
brilliancy; and her features are not at all handsome. Her nose
wants character--there is nothing marked in its lines. Her teeth are
tolerable, but not out of the common way; and as for her eyes,
which have sometimes been called so fine, I could never see anything
extraordinary in them. They have a sharp, shrewish look, which I do
not like at all; and in her air altogether there is a self-sufficiency
without fashion, which is intolerable.”

Persuaded as Miss Bingley was that Darcy admired Elizabeth, this was not
the best method of recommending herself; but angry people are not always
wise; and in seeing him at last look somewhat nettled, she had all the
success she expected. He was resolutely silent, however, and, from a
determination of making him speak, she continued:

“I remember, when we first knew her in Hertfordshire, how amazed we all
were to find that she was a reputed beauty; and I particularly recollect
your saying one night, after they had been dining at Netherfield, '_She_
a beauty!--I should as soon call her mother a wit.' But afterwards she
seemed to improve on you, and I believe you thought her rather pretty at
one time.”

“Yes,” replied Darcy, who could contain himself no longer, “but _that_
was only when I first saw her, for it is many months since I have
considered her as one of the handsomest women of my acquaintance.”

He then went away, and Miss Bingley was left to all the satisfaction of
having forced him to say what gave no one any pain but herself.

Mrs. Gardiner and Elizabeth talked of all that had occurred during their
visit, as they returned, except what had particularly interested them
both. The look and behaviour of everybody they had seen were discussed,
except of the person who had mostly engaged their attention. They talked
of his sister, his friends, his house, his fruit--of everything but
himself; yet Elizabeth was longing to know what Mrs. Gardiner thought of
him, and Mrs. Gardiner would have been highly gratified by her niece's
beginning the subject.



Chapter 46


Elizabeth had been a good deal disappointed in not finding a letter from
Jane on their first arrival at Lambton; and this disappointment had been
renewed on each of the mornings that had now been spent there; but
on the third her repining was over, and her sister justified, by the
receipt of two letters from her at once, on one of which was marked that
it had been missent elsewhere. Elizabeth was not surprised at it, as
Jane had written the direction remarkably ill.

They had just been preparing to walk as the letters came in; and
her uncle and aunt, leaving her to enjoy them in quiet, set off by
themselves. The one missent must first be attended to; it had been
written five days ago. The beginning contained an account of all their
little parties and engagements, with such news as the country afforded;
but the latter half, which was dated a day later, and written in evident
agitation, gave more important intelligence. It was to this effect:

“Since writing the above, dearest Lizzy, something has occurred of a
most unexpected and serious nature; but I am afraid of alarming you--be
assured that we are all well. What I have to say relates to poor Lydia.
An express came at twelve last night, just as we were all gone to bed,
from Colonel Forster, to inform us that she was gone off to Scotland
with one of his officers; to own the truth, with Wickham! Imagine our
surprise. To Kitty, however, it does not seem so wholly unexpected. I am
very, very sorry. So imprudent a match on both sides! But I am willing
to hope the best, and that his character has been misunderstood.
Thoughtless and indiscreet I can easily believe him, but this step
(and let us rejoice over it) marks nothing bad at heart. His choice is
disinterested at least, for he must know my father can give her nothing.
Our poor mother is sadly grieved. My father bears it better. How
thankful am I that we never let them know what has been said against
him; we must forget it ourselves. They were off Saturday night about
twelve, as is conjectured, but were not missed till yesterday morning at
eight. The express was sent off directly. My dear Lizzy, they must have
passed within ten miles of us. Colonel Forster gives us reason to expect
him here soon. Lydia left a few lines for his wife, informing her of
their intention. I must conclude, for I cannot be long from my poor
mother. I am afraid you will not be able to make it out, but I hardly
know what I have written.”

Without allowing herself time for consideration, and scarcely knowing
what she felt, Elizabeth on finishing this letter instantly seized the
other, and opening it with the utmost impatience, read as follows: it
had been written a day later than the conclusion of the first.

“By this time, my dearest sister, you have received my hurried letter; I
wish this may be more intelligible, but though not confined for time, my
head is so bewildered that I cannot answer for being coherent. Dearest
Lizzy, I hardly know what I would write, but I have bad news for you,
and it cannot be delayed. Imprudent as the marriage between Mr. Wickham
and our poor Lydia would be, we are now anxious to be assured it has
taken place, for there is but too much reason to fear they are not gone
to Scotland. Colonel Forster came yesterday, having left Brighton the
day before, not many hours after the express. Though Lydia's short
letter to Mrs. F. gave them to understand that they were going to Gretna
Green, something was dropped by Denny expressing his belief that W.
never intended to go there, or to marry Lydia at all, which was
repeated to Colonel F., who, instantly taking the alarm, set off from B.
intending to trace their route. He did trace them easily to Clapham,
but no further; for on entering that place, they removed into a hackney
coach, and dismissed the chaise that brought them from Epsom. All that
is known after this is, that they were seen to continue the London road.
I know not what to think. After making every possible inquiry on that
side London, Colonel F. came on into Hertfordshire, anxiously renewing
them at all the turnpikes, and at the inns in Barnet and Hatfield, but
without any success--no such people had been seen to pass through. With
the kindest concern he came on to Longbourn, and broke his apprehensions
to us in a manner most creditable to his heart. I am sincerely grieved
for him and Mrs. F., but no one can throw any blame on them. Our
distress, my dear Lizzy, is very great. My father and mother believe the
worst, but I cannot think so ill of him. Many circumstances might make
it more eligible for them to be married privately in town than to pursue
their first plan; and even if _he_ could form such a design against a
young woman of Lydia's connections, which is not likely, can I suppose
her so lost to everything? Impossible! I grieve to find, however, that
Colonel F. is not disposed to depend upon their marriage; he shook his
head when I expressed my hopes, and said he feared W. was not a man to
be trusted. My poor mother is really ill, and keeps her room. Could she
exert herself, it would be better; but this is not to be expected. And
as to my father, I never in my life saw him so affected. Poor Kitty has
anger for having concealed their attachment; but as it was a matter of
confidence, one cannot wonder. I am truly glad, dearest Lizzy, that you
have been spared something of these distressing scenes; but now, as the
first shock is over, shall I own that I long for your return? I am not
so selfish, however, as to press for it, if inconvenient. Adieu! I
take up my pen again to do what I have just told you I would not; but
circumstances are such that I cannot help earnestly begging you all to
come here as soon as possible. I know my dear uncle and aunt so well,
that I am not afraid of requesting it, though I have still something
more to ask of the former. My father is going to London with Colonel
Forster instantly, to try to discover her. What he means to do I am sure
I know not; but his excessive distress will not allow him to pursue any
measure in the best and safest way, and Colonel Forster is obliged to
be at Brighton again to-morrow evening. In such an exigence, my
uncle's advice and assistance would be everything in the world; he will
immediately comprehend what I must feel, and I rely upon his goodness.”

“Oh! where, where is my uncle?” cried Elizabeth, darting from her seat
as she finished the letter, in eagerness to follow him, without losing
a moment of the time so precious; but as she reached the door it was
opened by a servant, and Mr. Darcy appeared. Her pale face and impetuous
manner made him start, and before he could recover himself to speak,
she, in whose mind every idea was superseded by Lydia's situation,
hastily exclaimed, “I beg your pardon, but I must leave you. I must find
Mr. Gardiner this moment, on business that cannot be delayed; I have not
an instant to lose.”

“Good God! what is the matter?” cried he, with more feeling than
politeness; then recollecting himself, “I will not detain you a minute;
but let me, or let the servant go after Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner. You are
not well enough; you cannot go yourself.”

Elizabeth hesitated, but her knees trembled under her and she felt how
little would be gained by her attempting to pursue them. Calling back
the servant, therefore, she commissioned him, though in so breathless
an accent as made her almost unintelligible, to fetch his master and
mistress home instantly.

On his quitting the room she sat down, unable to support herself, and
looking so miserably ill, that it was impossible for Darcy to leave her,
or to refrain from saying, in a tone of gentleness and commiseration,
“Let me call your maid. Is there nothing you could take to give you
present relief? A glass of wine; shall I get you one? You are very ill.”

“No, I thank you,” she replied, endeavouring to recover herself. “There
is nothing the matter with me. I am quite well; I am only distressed by
some dreadful news which I have just received from Longbourn.”

She burst into tears as she alluded to it, and for a few minutes could
not speak another word. Darcy, in wretched suspense, could only say
something indistinctly of his concern, and observe her in compassionate
silence. At length she spoke again. “I have just had a letter from Jane,
with such dreadful news. It cannot be concealed from anyone. My younger
sister has left all her friends--has eloped; has thrown herself into
the power of--of Mr. Wickham. They are gone off together from Brighton.
_You_ know him too well to doubt the rest. She has no money, no
connections, nothing that can tempt him to--she is lost for ever.”

Darcy was fixed in astonishment. “When I consider,” she added in a yet
more agitated voice, “that I might have prevented it! I, who knew what
he was. Had I but explained some part of it only--some part of what I
learnt, to my own family! Had his character been known, this could not
have happened. But it is all--all too late now.”

“I am grieved indeed,” cried Darcy; “grieved--shocked. But is it
certain--absolutely certain?”

“Oh, yes! They left Brighton together on Sunday night, and were traced
almost to London, but not beyond; they are certainly not gone to
Scotland.”

“And what has been done, what has been attempted, to recover her?”

“My father is gone to London, and Jane has written to beg my uncle's
immediate assistance; and we shall be off, I hope, in half-an-hour. But
nothing can be done--I know very well that nothing can be done. How is
such a man to be worked on? How are they even to be discovered? I have
not the smallest hope. It is every way horrible!”

Darcy shook his head in silent acquiescence.

“When _my_ eyes were opened to his real character--Oh! had I known what
I ought, what I dared to do! But I knew not--I was afraid of doing too
much. Wretched, wretched mistake!”

Darcy made no answer. He seemed scarcely to hear her, and was walking
up and down the room in earnest meditation, his brow contracted, his air
gloomy. Elizabeth soon observed, and instantly understood it. Her
power was sinking; everything _must_ sink under such a proof of family
weakness, such an assurance of the deepest disgrace. She could neither
wonder nor condemn, but the belief of his self-conquest brought nothing
consolatory to her bosom, afforded no palliation of her distress. It
was, on the contrary, exactly calculated to make her understand her own
wishes; and never had she so honestly felt that she could have loved
him, as now, when all love must be vain.

But self, though it would intrude, could not engross her. Lydia--the
humiliation, the misery she was bringing on them all, soon swallowed
up every private care; and covering her face with her handkerchief,
Elizabeth was soon lost to everything else; and, after a pause of
several minutes, was only recalled to a sense of her situation by
the voice of her companion, who, in a manner which, though it spoke
compassion, spoke likewise restraint, said, “I am afraid you have been
long desiring my absence, nor have I anything to plead in excuse of my
stay, but real, though unavailing concern. Would to Heaven that anything
could be either said or done on my part that might offer consolation to
such distress! But I will not torment you with vain wishes, which may
seem purposely to ask for your thanks. This unfortunate affair will, I
fear, prevent my sister's having the pleasure of seeing you at Pemberley
to-day.”

“Oh, yes. Be so kind as to apologise for us to Miss Darcy. Say that
urgent business calls us home immediately. Conceal the unhappy truth as
long as it is possible, I know it cannot be long.”

He readily assured her of his secrecy; again expressed his sorrow for
her distress, wished it a happier conclusion than there was at present
reason to hope, and leaving his compliments for her relations, with only
one serious, parting look, went away.

As he quitted the room, Elizabeth felt how improbable it was that they
should ever see each other again on such terms of cordiality as
had marked their several meetings in Derbyshire; and as she threw a
retrospective glance over the whole of their acquaintance, so full
of contradictions and varieties, sighed at the perverseness of those
feelings which would now have promoted its continuance, and would
formerly have rejoiced in its termination.

If gratitude and esteem are good foundations of affection, Elizabeth's
change of sentiment will be neither improbable nor faulty. But if
otherwise--if regard springing from such sources is unreasonable or
unnatural, in comparison of what is so often described as arising on
a first interview with its object, and even before two words have been
exchanged, nothing can be said in her defence, except that she had given
somewhat of a trial to the latter method in her partiality for Wickham,
and that its ill success might, perhaps, authorise her to seek the other
less interesting mode of attachment. Be that as it may, she saw him
go with regret; and in this early example of what Lydia's infamy must
produce, found additional anguish as she reflected on that wretched
business. Never, since reading Jane's second letter, had she entertained
a hope of Wickham's meaning to marry her. No one but Jane, she thought,
could flatter herself with such an expectation. Surprise was the least
of her feelings on this development. While the contents of the first
letter remained in her mind, she was all surprise--all astonishment that
Wickham should marry a girl whom it was impossible he could marry
for money; and how Lydia could ever have attached him had appeared
incomprehensible. But now it was all too natural. For such an attachment
as this she might have sufficient charms; and though she did not suppose
Lydia to be deliberately engaging in an elopement without the intention
of marriage, she had no difficulty in believing that neither her virtue
nor her understanding would preserve her from falling an easy prey.

She had never perceived, while the regiment was in Hertfordshire, that
Lydia had any partiality for him; but she was convinced that Lydia
wanted only encouragement to attach herself to anybody. Sometimes one
officer, sometimes another, had been her favourite, as their attentions
raised them in her opinion. Her affections had continually been
fluctuating but never without an object. The mischief of neglect and
mistaken indulgence towards such a girl--oh! how acutely did she now
feel it!

She was wild to be at home--to hear, to see, to be upon the spot to
share with Jane in the cares that must now fall wholly upon her, in a
family so deranged, a father absent, a mother incapable of exertion, and
requiring constant attendance; and though almost persuaded that nothing
could be done for Lydia, her uncle's interference seemed of the utmost
importance, and till he entered the room her impatience was severe. Mr.
and Mrs. Gardiner had hurried back in alarm, supposing by the servant's
account that their niece was taken suddenly ill; but satisfying them
instantly on that head, she eagerly communicated the cause of their
summons, reading the two letters aloud, and dwelling on the postscript
of the last with trembling energy.--Though Lydia had never been a
favourite with them, Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner could not but be deeply
afflicted. Not Lydia only, but all were concerned in it; and after the
first exclamations of surprise and horror, Mr. Gardiner promised every
assistance in his power. Elizabeth, though expecting no less, thanked
him with tears of gratitude; and all three being actuated by one spirit,
everything relating to their journey was speedily settled. They were to
be off as soon as possible. “But what is to be done about Pemberley?”
 cried Mrs. Gardiner. “John told us Mr. Darcy was here when you sent for
us; was it so?”

“Yes; and I told him we should not be able to keep our engagement.
_That_ is all settled.”

“What is all settled?” repeated the other, as she ran into her room to
prepare. “And are they upon such terms as for her to disclose the real
truth? Oh, that I knew how it was!”

But wishes were vain, or at least could only serve to amuse her in the
hurry and confusion of the following hour. Had Elizabeth been at leisure
to be idle, she would have remained certain that all employment was
impossible to one so wretched as herself; but she had her share of
business as well as her aunt, and amongst the rest there were notes to
be written to all their friends at Lambton, with false excuses for their
sudden departure. An hour, however, saw the whole completed; and Mr.
Gardiner meanwhile having settled his account at the inn, nothing
remained to be done but to go; and Elizabeth, after all the misery of
the morning, found herself, in a shorter space of time than she could
have supposed, seated in the carriage, and on the road to Longbourn.



Chapter 47


“I have been thinking it over again, Elizabeth,” said her uncle, as they
drove from the town; “and really, upon serious consideration, I am much
more inclined than I was to judge as your eldest sister does on the
matter. It appears to me so very unlikely that any young man should
form such a design against a girl who is by no means unprotected or
friendless, and who was actually staying in his colonel's family, that I
am strongly inclined to hope the best. Could he expect that her friends
would not step forward? Could he expect to be noticed again by the
regiment, after such an affront to Colonel Forster? His temptation is
not adequate to the risk!”

“Do you really think so?” cried Elizabeth, brightening up for a moment.

“Upon my word,” said Mrs. Gardiner, “I begin to be of your uncle's
opinion. It is really too great a violation of decency, honour, and
interest, for him to be guilty of. I cannot think so very ill of
Wickham. Can you yourself, Lizzy, so wholly give him up, as to believe
him capable of it?”

“Not, perhaps, of neglecting his own interest; but of every other
neglect I can believe him capable. If, indeed, it should be so! But I
dare not hope it. Why should they not go on to Scotland if that had been
the case?”

“In the first place,” replied Mr. Gardiner, “there is no absolute proof
that they are not gone to Scotland.”

“Oh! but their removing from the chaise into a hackney coach is such
a presumption! And, besides, no traces of them were to be found on the
Barnet road.”

“Well, then--supposing them to be in London. They may be there, though
for the purpose of concealment, for no more exceptional purpose. It is
not likely that money should be very abundant on either side; and it
might strike them that they could be more economically, though less
expeditiously, married in London than in Scotland.”

“But why all this secrecy? Why any fear of detection? Why must their
marriage be private? Oh, no, no--this is not likely. His most particular
friend, you see by Jane's account, was persuaded of his never intending
to marry her. Wickham will never marry a woman without some money. He
cannot afford it. And what claims has Lydia--what attraction has she
beyond youth, health, and good humour that could make him, for her sake,
forego every chance of benefiting himself by marrying well? As to what
restraint the apprehensions of disgrace in the corps might throw on a
dishonourable elopement with her, I am not able to judge; for I know
nothing of the effects that such a step might produce. But as to your
other objection, I am afraid it will hardly hold good. Lydia has
no brothers to step forward; and he might imagine, from my father's
behaviour, from his indolence and the little attention he has ever
seemed to give to what was going forward in his family, that _he_ would
do as little, and think as little about it, as any father could do, in
such a matter.”

“But can you think that Lydia is so lost to everything but love of him
as to consent to live with him on any terms other than marriage?”

“It does seem, and it is most shocking indeed,” replied Elizabeth, with
tears in her eyes, “that a sister's sense of decency and virtue in such
a point should admit of doubt. But, really, I know not what to say.
Perhaps I am not doing her justice. But she is very young; she has never
been taught to think on serious subjects; and for the last half-year,
nay, for a twelvemonth--she has been given up to nothing but amusement
and vanity. She has been allowed to dispose of her time in the most idle
and frivolous manner, and to adopt any opinions that came in her way.
Since the ----shire were first quartered in Meryton, nothing but love,
flirtation, and officers have been in her head. She has been doing
everything in her power by thinking and talking on the subject, to give
greater--what shall I call it? susceptibility to her feelings; which are
naturally lively enough. And we all know that Wickham has every charm of
person and address that can captivate a woman.”

“But you see that Jane,” said her aunt, “does not think so very ill of
Wickham as to believe him capable of the attempt.”

“Of whom does Jane ever think ill? And who is there, whatever might be
their former conduct, that she would think capable of such an attempt,
till it were proved against them? But Jane knows, as well as I do, what
Wickham really is. We both know that he has been profligate in every
sense of the word; that he has neither integrity nor honour; that he is
as false and deceitful as he is insinuating.”

“And do you really know all this?” cried Mrs. Gardiner, whose curiosity
as to the mode of her intelligence was all alive.

“I do indeed,” replied Elizabeth, colouring. “I told you, the other day,
of his infamous behaviour to Mr. Darcy; and you yourself, when last at
Longbourn, heard in what manner he spoke of the man who had behaved
with such forbearance and liberality towards him. And there are other
circumstances which I am not at liberty--which it is not worth while to
relate; but his lies about the whole Pemberley family are endless. From
what he said of Miss Darcy I was thoroughly prepared to see a proud,
reserved, disagreeable girl. Yet he knew to the contrary himself. He
must know that she was as amiable and unpretending as we have found
her.”

“But does Lydia know nothing of this? can she be ignorant of what you
and Jane seem so well to understand?”

“Oh, yes!--that, that is the worst of all. Till I was in Kent, and saw
so much both of Mr. Darcy and his relation Colonel Fitzwilliam, I was
ignorant of the truth myself. And when I returned home, the ----shire
was to leave Meryton in a week or fortnight's time. As that was the
case, neither Jane, to whom I related the whole, nor I, thought it
necessary to make our knowledge public; for of what use could
it apparently be to any one, that the good opinion which all the
neighbourhood had of him should then be overthrown? And even when it was
settled that Lydia should go with Mrs. Forster, the necessity of opening
her eyes to his character never occurred to me. That _she_ could be
in any danger from the deception never entered my head. That such a
consequence as _this_ could ensue, you may easily believe, was far
enough from my thoughts.”

“When they all removed to Brighton, therefore, you had no reason, I
suppose, to believe them fond of each other?”

“Not the slightest. I can remember no symptom of affection on either
side; and had anything of the kind been perceptible, you must be aware
that ours is not a family on which it could be thrown away. When first
he entered the corps, she was ready enough to admire him; but so we all
were. Every girl in or near Meryton was out of her senses about him for
the first two months; but he never distinguished _her_ by any particular
attention; and, consequently, after a moderate period of extravagant and
wild admiration, her fancy for him gave way, and others of the regiment,
who treated her with more distinction, again became her favourites.”

                          * * * * *

It may be easily believed, that however little of novelty could be added
to their fears, hopes, and conjectures, on this interesting subject, by
its repeated discussion, no other could detain them from it long, during
the whole of the journey. From Elizabeth's thoughts it was never absent.
Fixed there by the keenest of all anguish, self-reproach, she could find
no interval of ease or forgetfulness.

They travelled as expeditiously as possible, and, sleeping one night
on the road, reached Longbourn by dinner time the next day. It was a
comfort to Elizabeth to consider that Jane could not have been wearied
by long expectations.

The little Gardiners, attracted by the sight of a chaise, were standing
on the steps of the house as they entered the paddock; and, when the
carriage drove up to the door, the joyful surprise that lighted up their
faces, and displayed itself over their whole bodies, in a variety of
capers and frisks, was the first pleasing earnest of their welcome.

Elizabeth jumped out; and, after giving each of them a hasty kiss,
hurried into the vestibule, where Jane, who came running down from her
mother's apartment, immediately met her.

Elizabeth, as she affectionately embraced her, whilst tears filled the
eyes of both, lost not a moment in asking whether anything had been
heard of the fugitives.

“Not yet,” replied Jane. “But now that my dear uncle is come, I hope
everything will be well.”

“Is my father in town?”

“Yes, he went on Tuesday, as I wrote you word.”

“And have you heard from him often?”

“We have heard only twice. He wrote me a few lines on Wednesday to say
that he had arrived in safety, and to give me his directions, which I
particularly begged him to do. He merely added that he should not write
again till he had something of importance to mention.”

“And my mother--how is she? How are you all?”

“My mother is tolerably well, I trust; though her spirits are greatly
shaken. She is up stairs and will have great satisfaction in seeing you
all. She does not yet leave her dressing-room. Mary and Kitty, thank
Heaven, are quite well.”

“But you--how are you?” cried Elizabeth. “You look pale. How much you
must have gone through!”

Her sister, however, assured her of her being perfectly well; and their
conversation, which had been passing while Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner were
engaged with their children, was now put an end to by the approach
of the whole party. Jane ran to her uncle and aunt, and welcomed and
thanked them both, with alternate smiles and tears.

When they were all in the drawing-room, the questions which Elizabeth
had already asked were of course repeated by the others, and they soon
found that Jane had no intelligence to give. The sanguine hope of
good, however, which the benevolence of her heart suggested had not yet
deserted her; she still expected that it would all end well, and that
every morning would bring some letter, either from Lydia or her father,
to explain their proceedings, and, perhaps, announce their marriage.

Mrs. Bennet, to whose apartment they all repaired, after a few minutes'
conversation together, received them exactly as might be expected; with
tears and lamentations of regret, invectives against the villainous
conduct of Wickham, and complaints of her own sufferings and ill-usage;
blaming everybody but the person to whose ill-judging indulgence the
errors of her daughter must principally be owing.

“If I had been able,” said she, “to carry my point in going to Brighton,
with all my family, _this_ would not have happened; but poor dear Lydia
had nobody to take care of her. Why did the Forsters ever let her go out
of their sight? I am sure there was some great neglect or other on their
side, for she is not the kind of girl to do such a thing if she had been
well looked after. I always thought they were very unfit to have the
charge of her; but I was overruled, as I always am. Poor dear child!
And now here's Mr. Bennet gone away, and I know he will fight Wickham,
wherever he meets him and then he will be killed, and what is to become
of us all? The Collinses will turn us out before he is cold in his
grave, and if you are not kind to us, brother, I do not know what we
shall do.”

They all exclaimed against such terrific ideas; and Mr. Gardiner, after
general assurances of his affection for her and all her family, told her
that he meant to be in London the very next day, and would assist Mr.
Bennet in every endeavour for recovering Lydia.

“Do not give way to useless alarm,” added he; “though it is right to be
prepared for the worst, there is no occasion to look on it as certain.
It is not quite a week since they left Brighton. In a few days more we
may gain some news of them; and till we know that they are not married,
and have no design of marrying, do not let us give the matter over as
lost. As soon as I get to town I shall go to my brother, and make
him come home with me to Gracechurch Street; and then we may consult
together as to what is to be done.”

“Oh! my dear brother,” replied Mrs. Bennet, “that is exactly what I
could most wish for. And now do, when you get to town, find them out,
wherever they may be; and if they are not married already, _make_ them
marry. And as for wedding clothes, do not let them wait for that, but
tell Lydia she shall have as much money as she chooses to buy them,
after they are married. And, above all, keep Mr. Bennet from fighting.
Tell him what a dreadful state I am in, that I am frighted out of my
wits--and have such tremblings, such flutterings, all over me--such
spasms in my side and pains in my head, and such beatings at heart, that
I can get no rest by night nor by day. And tell my dear Lydia not to
give any directions about her clothes till she has seen me, for she does
not know which are the best warehouses. Oh, brother, how kind you are! I
know you will contrive it all.”

But Mr. Gardiner, though he assured her again of his earnest endeavours
in the cause, could not avoid recommending moderation to her, as well
in her hopes as her fear; and after talking with her in this manner till
dinner was on the table, they all left her to vent all her feelings on
the housekeeper, who attended in the absence of her daughters.

Though her brother and sister were persuaded that there was no real
occasion for such a seclusion from the family, they did not attempt to
oppose it, for they knew that she had not prudence enough to hold her
tongue before the servants, while they waited at table, and judged it
better that _one_ only of the household, and the one whom they could
most trust should comprehend all her fears and solicitude on the
subject.

In the dining-room they were soon joined by Mary and Kitty, who had been
too busily engaged in their separate apartments to make their appearance
before. One came from her books, and the other from her toilette. The
faces of both, however, were tolerably calm; and no change was visible
in either, except that the loss of her favourite sister, or the anger
which she had herself incurred in this business, had given more of
fretfulness than usual to the accents of Kitty. As for Mary, she was
mistress enough of herself to whisper to Elizabeth, with a countenance
of grave reflection, soon after they were seated at table:

“This is a most unfortunate affair, and will probably be much talked of.
But we must stem the tide of malice, and pour into the wounded bosoms of
each other the balm of sisterly consolation.”

Then, perceiving in Elizabeth no inclination of replying, she added,
“Unhappy as the event must be for Lydia, we may draw from it this useful
lesson: that loss of virtue in a female is irretrievable; that one
false step involves her in endless ruin; that her reputation is no less
brittle than it is beautiful; and that she cannot be too much guarded in
her behaviour towards the undeserving of the other sex.”

Elizabeth lifted up her eyes in amazement, but was too much oppressed
to make any reply. Mary, however, continued to console herself with such
kind of moral extractions from the evil before them.

In the afternoon, the two elder Miss Bennets were able to be for
half-an-hour by themselves; and Elizabeth instantly availed herself of
the opportunity of making any inquiries, which Jane was equally eager to
satisfy. After joining in general lamentations over the dreadful sequel
of this event, which Elizabeth considered as all but certain, and Miss
Bennet could not assert to be wholly impossible, the former continued
the subject, by saying, “But tell me all and everything about it which
I have not already heard. Give me further particulars. What did Colonel
Forster say? Had they no apprehension of anything before the elopement
took place? They must have seen them together for ever.”

“Colonel Forster did own that he had often suspected some partiality,
especially on Lydia's side, but nothing to give him any alarm. I am so
grieved for him! His behaviour was attentive and kind to the utmost. He
_was_ coming to us, in order to assure us of his concern, before he had
any idea of their not being gone to Scotland: when that apprehension
first got abroad, it hastened his journey.”

“And was Denny convinced that Wickham would not marry? Did he know of
their intending to go off? Had Colonel Forster seen Denny himself?”

“Yes; but, when questioned by _him_, Denny denied knowing anything of
their plans, and would not give his real opinion about it. He did not
repeat his persuasion of their not marrying--and from _that_, I am
inclined to hope, he might have been misunderstood before.”

“And till Colonel Forster came himself, not one of you entertained a
doubt, I suppose, of their being really married?”

“How was it possible that such an idea should enter our brains? I felt
a little uneasy--a little fearful of my sister's happiness with him
in marriage, because I knew that his conduct had not been always quite
right. My father and mother knew nothing of that; they only felt how
imprudent a match it must be. Kitty then owned, with a very natural
triumph on knowing more than the rest of us, that in Lydia's last letter
she had prepared her for such a step. She had known, it seems, of their
being in love with each other, many weeks.”

“But not before they went to Brighton?”

“No, I believe not.”

“And did Colonel Forster appear to think well of Wickham himself? Does
he know his real character?”

“I must confess that he did not speak so well of Wickham as he formerly
did. He believed him to be imprudent and extravagant. And since this sad
affair has taken place, it is said that he left Meryton greatly in debt;
but I hope this may be false.”

“Oh, Jane, had we been less secret, had we told what we knew of him,
this could not have happened!”

“Perhaps it would have been better,” replied her sister. “But to expose
the former faults of any person without knowing what their present
feelings were, seemed unjustifiable. We acted with the best intentions.”

“Could Colonel Forster repeat the particulars of Lydia's note to his
wife?”

“He brought it with him for us to see.”

Jane then took it from her pocket-book, and gave it to Elizabeth. These
were the contents:

“MY DEAR HARRIET,

“You will laugh when you know where I am gone, and I cannot help
laughing myself at your surprise to-morrow morning, as soon as I am
missed. I am going to Gretna Green, and if you cannot guess with who,
I shall think you a simpleton, for there is but one man in the world I
love, and he is an angel. I should never be happy without him, so think
it no harm to be off. You need not send them word at Longbourn of my
going, if you do not like it, for it will make the surprise the greater,
when I write to them and sign my name 'Lydia Wickham.' What a good joke
it will be! I can hardly write for laughing. Pray make my excuses to
Pratt for not keeping my engagement, and dancing with him to-night.
Tell him I hope he will excuse me when he knows all; and tell him I will
dance with him at the next ball we meet, with great pleasure. I shall
send for my clothes when I get to Longbourn; but I wish you would tell
Sally to mend a great slit in my worked muslin gown before they are
packed up. Good-bye. Give my love to Colonel Forster. I hope you will
drink to our good journey.

“Your affectionate friend,

“LYDIA BENNET.”

“Oh! thoughtless, thoughtless Lydia!” cried Elizabeth when she had
finished it. “What a letter is this, to be written at such a moment!
But at least it shows that _she_ was serious on the subject of their
journey. Whatever he might afterwards persuade her to, it was not on her
side a _scheme_ of infamy. My poor father! how he must have felt it!”

“I never saw anyone so shocked. He could not speak a word for full ten
minutes. My mother was taken ill immediately, and the whole house in
such confusion!”

“Oh! Jane,” cried Elizabeth, “was there a servant belonging to it who
did not know the whole story before the end of the day?”

“I do not know. I hope there was. But to be guarded at such a time is
very difficult. My mother was in hysterics, and though I endeavoured to
give her every assistance in my power, I am afraid I did not do so
much as I might have done! But the horror of what might possibly happen
almost took from me my faculties.”

“Your attendance upon her has been too much for you. You do not look
well. Oh that I had been with you! you have had every care and anxiety
upon yourself alone.”

“Mary and Kitty have been very kind, and would have shared in every
fatigue, I am sure; but I did not think it right for either of them.
Kitty is slight and delicate; and Mary studies so much, that her hours
of repose should not be broken in on. My aunt Phillips came to Longbourn
on Tuesday, after my father went away; and was so good as to stay till
Thursday with me. She was of great use and comfort to us all. And
Lady Lucas has been very kind; she walked here on Wednesday morning to
condole with us, and offered her services, or any of her daughters', if
they should be of use to us.”

“She had better have stayed at home,” cried Elizabeth; “perhaps she
_meant_ well, but, under such a misfortune as this, one cannot see
too little of one's neighbours. Assistance is impossible; condolence
insufferable. Let them triumph over us at a distance, and be satisfied.”

She then proceeded to inquire into the measures which her father had
intended to pursue, while in town, for the recovery of his daughter.

“He meant I believe,” replied Jane, “to go to Epsom, the place where
they last changed horses, see the postilions and try if anything could
be made out from them. His principal object must be to discover the
number of the hackney coach which took them from Clapham. It had come
with a fare from London; and as he thought that the circumstance of a
gentleman and lady's removing from one carriage into another might
be remarked he meant to make inquiries at Clapham. If he could anyhow
discover at what house the coachman had before set down his fare, he
determined to make inquiries there, and hoped it might not be impossible
to find out the stand and number of the coach. I do not know of any
other designs that he had formed; but he was in such a hurry to be gone,
and his spirits so greatly discomposed, that I had difficulty in finding
out even so much as this.”



Chapter 48


The whole party were in hopes of a letter from Mr. Bennet the next
morning, but the post came in without bringing a single line from him.
His family knew him to be, on all common occasions, a most negligent and
dilatory correspondent; but at such a time they had hoped for exertion.
They were forced to conclude that he had no pleasing intelligence to
send; but even of _that_ they would have been glad to be certain. Mr.
Gardiner had waited only for the letters before he set off.

When he was gone, they were certain at least of receiving constant
information of what was going on, and their uncle promised, at parting,
to prevail on Mr. Bennet to return to Longbourn, as soon as he could,
to the great consolation of his sister, who considered it as the only
security for her husband's not being killed in a duel.

Mrs. Gardiner and the children were to remain in Hertfordshire a few
days longer, as the former thought her presence might be serviceable
to her nieces. She shared in their attendance on Mrs. Bennet, and was a
great comfort to them in their hours of freedom. Their other aunt also
visited them frequently, and always, as she said, with the design of
cheering and heartening them up--though, as she never came without
reporting some fresh instance of Wickham's extravagance or irregularity,
she seldom went away without leaving them more dispirited than she found
them.

All Meryton seemed striving to blacken the man who, but three months
before, had been almost an angel of light. He was declared to be in debt
to every tradesman in the place, and his intrigues, all honoured with
the title of seduction, had been extended into every tradesman's family.
Everybody declared that he was the wickedest young man in the world;
and everybody began to find out that they had always distrusted the
appearance of his goodness. Elizabeth, though she did not credit above
half of what was said, believed enough to make her former assurance of
her sister's ruin more certain; and even Jane, who believed still less
of it, became almost hopeless, more especially as the time was now come
when, if they had gone to Scotland, which she had never before entirely
despaired of, they must in all probability have gained some news of
them.

Mr. Gardiner left Longbourn on Sunday; on Tuesday his wife received a
letter from him; it told them that, on his arrival, he had immediately
found out his brother, and persuaded him to come to Gracechurch Street;
that Mr. Bennet had been to Epsom and Clapham, before his arrival,
but without gaining any satisfactory information; and that he was now
determined to inquire at all the principal hotels in town, as Mr. Bennet
thought it possible they might have gone to one of them, on their first
coming to London, before they procured lodgings. Mr. Gardiner himself
did not expect any success from this measure, but as his brother was
eager in it, he meant to assist him in pursuing it. He added that Mr.
Bennet seemed wholly disinclined at present to leave London and promised
to write again very soon. There was also a postscript to this effect:

“I have written to Colonel Forster to desire him to find out, if
possible, from some of the young man's intimates in the regiment,
whether Wickham has any relations or connections who would be likely to
know in what part of town he has now concealed himself. If there were
anyone that one could apply to with a probability of gaining such a
clue as that, it might be of essential consequence. At present we have
nothing to guide us. Colonel Forster will, I dare say, do everything in
his power to satisfy us on this head. But, on second thoughts, perhaps,
Lizzy could tell us what relations he has now living, better than any
other person.”

Elizabeth was at no loss to understand from whence this deference to her
authority proceeded; but it was not in her power to give any information
of so satisfactory a nature as the compliment deserved. She had never
heard of his having had any relations, except a father and mother, both
of whom had been dead many years. It was possible, however, that some of
his companions in the ----shire might be able to give more information;
and though she was not very sanguine in expecting it, the application
was a something to look forward to.

Every day at Longbourn was now a day of anxiety; but the most anxious
part of each was when the post was expected. The arrival of letters
was the grand object of every morning's impatience. Through letters,
whatever of good or bad was to be told would be communicated, and every
succeeding day was expected to bring some news of importance.

But before they heard again from Mr. Gardiner, a letter arrived for
their father, from a different quarter, from Mr. Collins; which, as Jane
had received directions to open all that came for him in his absence,
she accordingly read; and Elizabeth, who knew what curiosities his
letters always were, looked over her, and read it likewise. It was as
follows:

“MY DEAR SIR,

“I feel myself called upon, by our relationship, and my situation
in life, to condole with you on the grievous affliction you are now
suffering under, of which we were yesterday informed by a letter from
Hertfordshire. Be assured, my dear sir, that Mrs. Collins and myself
sincerely sympathise with you and all your respectable family, in
your present distress, which must be of the bitterest kind, because
proceeding from a cause which no time can remove. No arguments shall be
wanting on my part that can alleviate so severe a misfortune--or that
may comfort you, under a circumstance that must be of all others the
most afflicting to a parent's mind. The death of your daughter would
have been a blessing in comparison of this. And it is the more to
be lamented, because there is reason to suppose as my dear Charlotte
informs me, that this licentiousness of behaviour in your daughter has
proceeded from a faulty degree of indulgence; though, at the same time,
for the consolation of yourself and Mrs. Bennet, I am inclined to think
that her own disposition must be naturally bad, or she could not be
guilty of such an enormity, at so early an age. Howsoever that may be,
you are grievously to be pitied; in which opinion I am not only joined
by Mrs. Collins, but likewise by Lady Catherine and her daughter, to
whom I have related the affair. They agree with me in apprehending that
this false step in one daughter will be injurious to the fortunes of
all the others; for who, as Lady Catherine herself condescendingly says,
will connect themselves with such a family? And this consideration leads
me moreover to reflect, with augmented satisfaction, on a certain event
of last November; for had it been otherwise, I must have been involved
in all your sorrow and disgrace. Let me then advise you, dear sir, to
console yourself as much as possible, to throw off your unworthy child
from your affection for ever, and leave her to reap the fruits of her
own heinous offense.

“I am, dear sir, etc., etc.”

Mr. Gardiner did not write again till he had received an answer from
Colonel Forster; and then he had nothing of a pleasant nature to send.
It was not known that Wickham had a single relationship with whom he
kept up any connection, and it was certain that he had no near one
living. His former acquaintances had been numerous; but since he
had been in the militia, it did not appear that he was on terms of
particular friendship with any of them. There was no one, therefore,
who could be pointed out as likely to give any news of him. And in the
wretched state of his own finances, there was a very powerful motive for
secrecy, in addition to his fear of discovery by Lydia's relations, for
it had just transpired that he had left gaming debts behind him to a
very considerable amount. Colonel Forster believed that more than a
thousand pounds would be necessary to clear his expenses at Brighton.
He owed a good deal in town, but his debts of honour were still more
formidable. Mr. Gardiner did not attempt to conceal these particulars
from the Longbourn family. Jane heard them with horror. “A gamester!”
 she cried. “This is wholly unexpected. I had not an idea of it.”

Mr. Gardiner added in his letter, that they might expect to see their
father at home on the following day, which was Saturday. Rendered
spiritless by the ill-success of all their endeavours, he had yielded
to his brother-in-law's entreaty that he would return to his family, and
leave it to him to do whatever occasion might suggest to be advisable
for continuing their pursuit. When Mrs. Bennet was told of this, she did
not express so much satisfaction as her children expected, considering
what her anxiety for his life had been before.

“What, is he coming home, and without poor Lydia?” she cried. “Sure he
will not leave London before he has found them. Who is to fight Wickham,
and make him marry her, if he comes away?”

As Mrs. Gardiner began to wish to be at home, it was settled that she
and the children should go to London, at the same time that Mr. Bennet
came from it. The coach, therefore, took them the first stage of their
journey, and brought its master back to Longbourn.

Mrs. Gardiner went away in all the perplexity about Elizabeth and her
Derbyshire friend that had attended her from that part of the world. His
name had never been voluntarily mentioned before them by her niece; and
the kind of half-expectation which Mrs. Gardiner had formed, of their
being followed by a letter from him, had ended in nothing. Elizabeth had
received none since her return that could come from Pemberley.

The present unhappy state of the family rendered any other excuse for
the lowness of her spirits unnecessary; nothing, therefore, could be
fairly conjectured from _that_, though Elizabeth, who was by this time
tolerably well acquainted with her own feelings, was perfectly aware
that, had she known nothing of Darcy, she could have borne the dread of
Lydia's infamy somewhat better. It would have spared her, she thought,
one sleepless night out of two.

When Mr. Bennet arrived, he had all the appearance of his usual
philosophic composure. He said as little as he had ever been in the
habit of saying; made no mention of the business that had taken him
away, and it was some time before his daughters had courage to speak of
it.

It was not till the afternoon, when he had joined them at tea, that
Elizabeth ventured to introduce the subject; and then, on her briefly
expressing her sorrow for what he must have endured, he replied, “Say
nothing of that. Who should suffer but myself? It has been my own doing,
and I ought to feel it.”

“You must not be too severe upon yourself,” replied Elizabeth.

“You may well warn me against such an evil. Human nature is so prone
to fall into it! No, Lizzy, let me once in my life feel how much I have
been to blame. I am not afraid of being overpowered by the impression.
It will pass away soon enough.”

“Do you suppose them to be in London?”

“Yes; where else can they be so well concealed?”

“And Lydia used to want to go to London,” added Kitty.

“She is happy then,” said her father drily; “and her residence there
will probably be of some duration.”

Then after a short silence he continued:

“Lizzy, I bear you no ill-will for being justified in your advice to me
last May, which, considering the event, shows some greatness of mind.”

They were interrupted by Miss Bennet, who came to fetch her mother's
tea.

“This is a parade,” he cried, “which does one good; it gives such an
elegance to misfortune! Another day I will do the same; I will sit in my
library, in my nightcap and powdering gown, and give as much trouble as
I can; or, perhaps, I may defer it till Kitty runs away.”

“I am not going to run away, papa,” said Kitty fretfully. “If I should
ever go to Brighton, I would behave better than Lydia.”

“_You_ go to Brighton. I would not trust you so near it as Eastbourne
for fifty pounds! No, Kitty, I have at last learnt to be cautious, and
you will feel the effects of it. No officer is ever to enter into
my house again, nor even to pass through the village. Balls will be
absolutely prohibited, unless you stand up with one of your sisters.
And you are never to stir out of doors till you can prove that you have
spent ten minutes of every day in a rational manner.”

Kitty, who took all these threats in a serious light, began to cry.

“Well, well,” said he, “do not make yourself unhappy. If you are a good
girl for the next ten years, I will take you to a review at the end of
them.”



Chapter 49


Two days after Mr. Bennet's return, as Jane and Elizabeth were walking
together in the shrubbery behind the house, they saw the housekeeper
coming towards them, and, concluding that she came to call them to their
mother, went forward to meet her; but, instead of the expected summons,
when they approached her, she said to Miss Bennet, “I beg your pardon,
madam, for interrupting you, but I was in hopes you might have got some
good news from town, so I took the liberty of coming to ask.”

“What do you mean, Hill? We have heard nothing from town.”

“Dear madam,” cried Mrs. Hill, in great astonishment, “don't you know
there is an express come for master from Mr. Gardiner? He has been here
this half-hour, and master has had a letter.”

Away ran the girls, too eager to get in to have time for speech. They
ran through the vestibule into the breakfast-room; from thence to the
library; their father was in neither; and they were on the point of
seeking him up stairs with their mother, when they were met by the
butler, who said:

“If you are looking for my master, ma'am, he is walking towards the
little copse.”

Upon this information, they instantly passed through the hall once
more, and ran across the lawn after their father, who was deliberately
pursuing his way towards a small wood on one side of the paddock.

Jane, who was not so light nor so much in the habit of running as
Elizabeth, soon lagged behind, while her sister, panting for breath,
came up with him, and eagerly cried out:

“Oh, papa, what news--what news? Have you heard from my uncle?”

“Yes I have had a letter from him by express.”

“Well, and what news does it bring--good or bad?”

“What is there of good to be expected?” said he, taking the letter from
his pocket. “But perhaps you would like to read it.”

Elizabeth impatiently caught it from his hand. Jane now came up.

“Read it aloud,” said their father, “for I hardly know myself what it is
about.”

“Gracechurch Street, Monday, August 2.

“MY DEAR BROTHER,

“At last I am able to send you some tidings of my niece, and such as,
upon the whole, I hope it will give you satisfaction. Soon after you
left me on Saturday, I was fortunate enough to find out in what part of
London they were. The particulars I reserve till we meet; it is enough
to know they are discovered. I have seen them both--”

“Then it is as I always hoped,” cried Jane; “they are married!”

Elizabeth read on:

“I have seen them both. They are not married, nor can I find there
was any intention of being so; but if you are willing to perform the
engagements which I have ventured to make on your side, I hope it will
not be long before they are. All that is required of you is, to assure
to your daughter, by settlement, her equal share of the five thousand
pounds secured among your children after the decease of yourself and
my sister; and, moreover, to enter into an engagement of allowing her,
during your life, one hundred pounds per annum. These are conditions
which, considering everything, I had no hesitation in complying with,
as far as I thought myself privileged, for you. I shall send this by
express, that no time may be lost in bringing me your answer. You
will easily comprehend, from these particulars, that Mr. Wickham's
circumstances are not so hopeless as they are generally believed to be.
The world has been deceived in that respect; and I am happy to say there
will be some little money, even when all his debts are discharged, to
settle on my niece, in addition to her own fortune. If, as I conclude
will be the case, you send me full powers to act in your name throughout
the whole of this business, I will immediately give directions to
Haggerston for preparing a proper settlement. There will not be the
smallest occasion for your coming to town again; therefore stay quiet at
Longbourn, and depend on my diligence and care. Send back your answer as
fast as you can, and be careful to write explicitly. We have judged it
best that my niece should be married from this house, of which I hope
you will approve. She comes to us to-day. I shall write again as soon as
anything more is determined on. Yours, etc.,

“EDW. GARDINER.”

“Is it possible?” cried Elizabeth, when she had finished. “Can it be
possible that he will marry her?”

“Wickham is not so undeserving, then, as we thought him,” said her
sister. “My dear father, I congratulate you.”

“And have you answered the letter?” cried Elizabeth.

“No; but it must be done soon.”

Most earnestly did she then entreat him to lose no more time before he
wrote.

“Oh! my dear father,” she cried, “come back and write immediately.
Consider how important every moment is in such a case.”

“Let me write for you,” said Jane, “if you dislike the trouble
yourself.”

“I dislike it very much,” he replied; “but it must be done.”

And so saying, he turned back with them, and walked towards the house.

“And may I ask--” said Elizabeth; “but the terms, I suppose, must be
complied with.”

“Complied with! I am only ashamed of his asking so little.”

“And they _must_ marry! Yet he is _such_ a man!”

“Yes, yes, they must marry. There is nothing else to be done. But there
are two things that I want very much to know; one is, how much money
your uncle has laid down to bring it about; and the other, how am I ever
to pay him.”

“Money! My uncle!” cried Jane, “what do you mean, sir?”

“I mean, that no man in his senses would marry Lydia on so slight a
temptation as one hundred a year during my life, and fifty after I am
gone.”

“That is very true,” said Elizabeth; “though it had not occurred to me
before. His debts to be discharged, and something still to remain! Oh!
it must be my uncle's doings! Generous, good man, I am afraid he has
distressed himself. A small sum could not do all this.”

“No,” said her father; “Wickham's a fool if he takes her with a farthing
less than ten thousand pounds. I should be sorry to think so ill of him,
in the very beginning of our relationship.”

“Ten thousand pounds! Heaven forbid! How is half such a sum to be
repaid?”

Mr. Bennet made no answer, and each of them, deep in thought, continued
silent till they reached the house. Their father then went on to the
library to write, and the girls walked into the breakfast-room.

“And they are really to be married!” cried Elizabeth, as soon as they
were by themselves. “How strange this is! And for _this_ we are to be
thankful. That they should marry, small as is their chance of happiness,
and wretched as is his character, we are forced to rejoice. Oh, Lydia!”

“I comfort myself with thinking,” replied Jane, “that he certainly would
not marry Lydia if he had not a real regard for her. Though our kind
uncle has done something towards clearing him, I cannot believe that ten
thousand pounds, or anything like it, has been advanced. He has children
of his own, and may have more. How could he spare half ten thousand
pounds?”

“If he were ever able to learn what Wickham's debts have been,” said
Elizabeth, “and how much is settled on his side on our sister, we shall
exactly know what Mr. Gardiner has done for them, because Wickham has
not sixpence of his own. The kindness of my uncle and aunt can never
be requited. Their taking her home, and affording her their personal
protection and countenance, is such a sacrifice to her advantage as
years of gratitude cannot enough acknowledge. By this time she is
actually with them! If such goodness does not make her miserable now,
she will never deserve to be happy! What a meeting for her, when she
first sees my aunt!”

“We must endeavour to forget all that has passed on either side,” said
Jane: “I hope and trust they will yet be happy. His consenting to
marry her is a proof, I will believe, that he is come to a right way of
thinking. Their mutual affection will steady them; and I flatter myself
they will settle so quietly, and live in so rational a manner, as may in
time make their past imprudence forgotten.”

“Their conduct has been such,” replied Elizabeth, “as neither you, nor
I, nor anybody can ever forget. It is useless to talk of it.”

It now occurred to the girls that their mother was in all likelihood
perfectly ignorant of what had happened. They went to the library,
therefore, and asked their father whether he would not wish them to make
it known to her. He was writing and, without raising his head, coolly
replied:

“Just as you please.”

“May we take my uncle's letter to read to her?”

“Take whatever you like, and get away.”

Elizabeth took the letter from his writing-table, and they went up stairs
together. Mary and Kitty were both with Mrs. Bennet: one communication
would, therefore, do for all. After a slight preparation for good news,
the letter was read aloud. Mrs. Bennet could hardly contain herself. As
soon as Jane had read Mr. Gardiner's hope of Lydia's being soon
married, her joy burst forth, and every following sentence added to its
exuberance. She was now in an irritation as violent from delight, as she
had ever been fidgety from alarm and vexation. To know that her daughter
would be married was enough. She was disturbed by no fear for her
felicity, nor humbled by any remembrance of her misconduct.

“My dear, dear Lydia!” she cried. “This is delightful indeed! She will
be married! I shall see her again! She will be married at sixteen!
My good, kind brother! I knew how it would be. I knew he would manage
everything! How I long to see her! and to see dear Wickham too! But the
clothes, the wedding clothes! I will write to my sister Gardiner about
them directly. Lizzy, my dear, run down to your father, and ask him
how much he will give her. Stay, stay, I will go myself. Ring the bell,
Kitty, for Hill. I will put on my things in a moment. My dear, dear
Lydia! How merry we shall be together when we meet!”

Her eldest daughter endeavoured to give some relief to the violence of
these transports, by leading her thoughts to the obligations which Mr.
Gardiner's behaviour laid them all under.

“For we must attribute this happy conclusion,” she added, “in a great
measure to his kindness. We are persuaded that he has pledged himself to
assist Mr. Wickham with money.”

“Well,” cried her mother, “it is all very right; who should do it but
her own uncle? If he had not had a family of his own, I and my children
must have had all his money, you know; and it is the first time we have
ever had anything from him, except a few presents. Well! I am so happy!
In a short time I shall have a daughter married. Mrs. Wickham! How well
it sounds! And she was only sixteen last June. My dear Jane, I am in
such a flutter, that I am sure I can't write; so I will dictate, and
you write for me. We will settle with your father about the money
afterwards; but the things should be ordered immediately.”

She was then proceeding to all the particulars of calico, muslin, and
cambric, and would shortly have dictated some very plentiful orders, had
not Jane, though with some difficulty, persuaded her to wait till her
father was at leisure to be consulted. One day's delay, she observed,
would be of small importance; and her mother was too happy to be quite
so obstinate as usual. Other schemes, too, came into her head.

“I will go to Meryton,” said she, “as soon as I am dressed, and tell the
good, good news to my sister Philips. And as I come back, I can call
on Lady Lucas and Mrs. Long. Kitty, run down and order the carriage.
An airing would do me a great deal of good, I am sure. Girls, can I do
anything for you in Meryton? Oh! Here comes Hill! My dear Hill, have you
heard the good news? Miss Lydia is going to be married; and you shall
all have a bowl of punch to make merry at her wedding.”

Mrs. Hill began instantly to express her joy. Elizabeth received her
congratulations amongst the rest, and then, sick of this folly, took
refuge in her own room, that she might think with freedom.

Poor Lydia's situation must, at best, be bad enough; but that it was
no worse, she had need to be thankful. She felt it so; and though, in
looking forward, neither rational happiness nor worldly prosperity could
be justly expected for her sister, in looking back to what they had
feared, only two hours ago, she felt all the advantages of what they had
gained.



Chapter 50


Mr. Bennet had very often wished before this period of his life that,
instead of spending his whole income, he had laid by an annual sum for
the better provision of his children, and of his wife, if she survived
him. He now wished it more than ever. Had he done his duty in that
respect, Lydia need not have been indebted to her uncle for whatever
of honour or credit could now be purchased for her. The satisfaction of
prevailing on one of the most worthless young men in Great Britain to be
her husband might then have rested in its proper place.

He was seriously concerned that a cause of so little advantage to anyone
should be forwarded at the sole expense of his brother-in-law, and he
was determined, if possible, to find out the extent of his assistance,
and to discharge the obligation as soon as he could.

When first Mr. Bennet had married, economy was held to be perfectly
useless, for, of course, they were to have a son. The son was to join
in cutting off the entail, as soon as he should be of age, and the widow
and younger children would by that means be provided for. Five daughters
successively entered the world, but yet the son was to come; and Mrs.
Bennet, for many years after Lydia's birth, had been certain that he
would. This event had at last been despaired of, but it was then
too late to be saving. Mrs. Bennet had no turn for economy, and her
husband's love of independence had alone prevented their exceeding their
income.

Five thousand pounds was settled by marriage articles on Mrs. Bennet and
the children. But in what proportions it should be divided amongst the
latter depended on the will of the parents. This was one point, with
regard to Lydia, at least, which was now to be settled, and Mr. Bennet
could have no hesitation in acceding to the proposal before him. In
terms of grateful acknowledgment for the kindness of his brother,
though expressed most concisely, he then delivered on paper his perfect
approbation of all that was done, and his willingness to fulfil the
engagements that had been made for him. He had never before supposed
that, could Wickham be prevailed on to marry his daughter, it would
be done with so little inconvenience to himself as by the present
arrangement. He would scarcely be ten pounds a year the loser by the
hundred that was to be paid them; for, what with her board and pocket
allowance, and the continual presents in money which passed to her
through her mother's hands, Lydia's expenses had been very little within
that sum.

That it would be done with such trifling exertion on his side, too, was
another very welcome surprise; for his wish at present was to have as
little trouble in the business as possible. When the first transports
of rage which had produced his activity in seeking her were over, he
naturally returned to all his former indolence. His letter was soon
dispatched; for, though dilatory in undertaking business, he was quick
in its execution. He begged to know further particulars of what he
was indebted to his brother, but was too angry with Lydia to send any
message to her.

The good news spread quickly through the house, and with proportionate
speed through the neighbourhood. It was borne in the latter with decent
philosophy. To be sure, it would have been more for the advantage
of conversation had Miss Lydia Bennet come upon the town; or, as the
happiest alternative, been secluded from the world, in some distant
farmhouse. But there was much to be talked of in marrying her; and the
good-natured wishes for her well-doing which had proceeded before from
all the spiteful old ladies in Meryton lost but a little of their spirit
in this change of circumstances, because with such an husband her misery
was considered certain.

It was a fortnight since Mrs. Bennet had been downstairs; but on this
happy day she again took her seat at the head of her table, and in
spirits oppressively high. No sentiment of shame gave a damp to her
triumph. The marriage of a daughter, which had been the first object
of her wishes since Jane was sixteen, was now on the point of
accomplishment, and her thoughts and her words ran wholly on those
attendants of elegant nuptials, fine muslins, new carriages, and
servants. She was busily searching through the neighbourhood for a
proper situation for her daughter, and, without knowing or considering
what their income might be, rejected many as deficient in size and
importance.

“Haye Park might do,” said she, “if the Gouldings could quit it--or the
great house at Stoke, if the drawing-room were larger; but Ashworth is
too far off! I could not bear to have her ten miles from me; and as for
Pulvis Lodge, the attics are dreadful.”

Her husband allowed her to talk on without interruption while the
servants remained. But when they had withdrawn, he said to her: “Mrs.
Bennet, before you take any or all of these houses for your son and
daughter, let us come to a right understanding. Into _one_ house in this
neighbourhood they shall never have admittance. I will not encourage the
impudence of either, by receiving them at Longbourn.”

A long dispute followed this declaration; but Mr. Bennet was firm. It
soon led to another; and Mrs. Bennet found, with amazement and horror,
that her husband would not advance a guinea to buy clothes for his
daughter. He protested that she should receive from him no mark of
affection whatever on the occasion. Mrs. Bennet could hardly comprehend
it. That his anger could be carried to such a point of inconceivable
resentment as to refuse his daughter a privilege without which her
marriage would scarcely seem valid, exceeded all she could believe
possible. She was more alive to the disgrace which her want of new
clothes must reflect on her daughter's nuptials, than to any sense of
shame at her eloping and living with Wickham a fortnight before they
took place.

Elizabeth was now most heartily sorry that she had, from the distress of
the moment, been led to make Mr. Darcy acquainted with their fears for
her sister; for since her marriage would so shortly give the
proper termination to the elopement, they might hope to conceal its
unfavourable beginning from all those who were not immediately on the
spot.

She had no fear of its spreading farther through his means. There were
few people on whose secrecy she would have more confidently depended;
but, at the same time, there was no one whose knowledge of a sister's
frailty would have mortified her so much--not, however, from any fear
of disadvantage from it individually to herself, for, at any rate,
there seemed a gulf impassable between them. Had Lydia's marriage been
concluded on the most honourable terms, it was not to be supposed that
Mr. Darcy would connect himself with a family where, to every other
objection, would now be added an alliance and relationship of the
nearest kind with a man whom he so justly scorned.

From such a connection she could not wonder that he would shrink. The
wish of procuring her regard, which she had assured herself of his
feeling in Derbyshire, could not in rational expectation survive such a
blow as this. She was humbled, she was grieved; she repented, though she
hardly knew of what. She became jealous of his esteem, when she could no
longer hope to be benefited by it. She wanted to hear of him, when there
seemed the least chance of gaining intelligence. She was convinced that
she could have been happy with him, when it was no longer likely they
should meet.

What a triumph for him, as she often thought, could he know that the
proposals which she had proudly spurned only four months ago, would now
have been most gladly and gratefully received! He was as generous, she
doubted not, as the most generous of his sex; but while he was mortal,
there must be a triumph.

She began now to comprehend that he was exactly the man who, in
disposition and talents, would most suit her. His understanding and
temper, though unlike her own, would have answered all her wishes. It
was an union that must have been to the advantage of both; by her ease
and liveliness, his mind might have been softened, his manners improved;
and from his judgement, information, and knowledge of the world, she
must have received benefit of greater importance.

But no such happy marriage could now teach the admiring multitude what
connubial felicity really was. An union of a different tendency, and
precluding the possibility of the other, was soon to be formed in their
family.

How Wickham and Lydia were to be supported in tolerable independence,
she could not imagine. But how little of permanent happiness could
belong to a couple who were only brought together because their passions
were stronger than their virtue, she could easily conjecture.

                          * * * * *

Mr. Gardiner soon wrote again to his brother. To Mr. Bennet's
acknowledgments he briefly replied, with assurance of his eagerness to
promote the welfare of any of his family; and concluded with entreaties
that the subject might never be mentioned to him again. The principal
purport of his letter was to inform them that Mr. Wickham had resolved
on quitting the militia.

“It was greatly my wish that he should do so,” he added, “as soon as
his marriage was fixed on. And I think you will agree with me, in
considering the removal from that corps as highly advisable, both on
his account and my niece's. It is Mr. Wickham's intention to go into
the regulars; and among his former friends, there are still some who
are able and willing to assist him in the army. He has the promise of an
ensigncy in General ----'s regiment, now quartered in the North. It
is an advantage to have it so far from this part of the kingdom. He
promises fairly; and I hope among different people, where they may each
have a character to preserve, they will both be more prudent. I have
written to Colonel Forster, to inform him of our present arrangements,
and to request that he will satisfy the various creditors of Mr. Wickham
in and near Brighton, with assurances of speedy payment, for which I
have pledged myself. And will you give yourself the trouble of carrying
similar assurances to his creditors in Meryton, of whom I shall subjoin
a list according to his information? He has given in all his debts; I
hope at least he has not deceived us. Haggerston has our directions,
and all will be completed in a week. They will then join his regiment,
unless they are first invited to Longbourn; and I understand from Mrs.
Gardiner, that my niece is very desirous of seeing you all before she
leaves the South. She is well, and begs to be dutifully remembered to
you and her mother.--Yours, etc.,

“E. GARDINER.”

Mr. Bennet and his daughters saw all the advantages of Wickham's removal
from the ----shire as clearly as Mr. Gardiner could do. But Mrs. Bennet
was not so well pleased with it. Lydia's being settled in the North,
just when she had expected most pleasure and pride in her company,
for she had by no means given up her plan of their residing in
Hertfordshire, was a severe disappointment; and, besides, it was such a
pity that Lydia should be taken from a regiment where she was acquainted
with everybody, and had so many favourites.

“She is so fond of Mrs. Forster,” said she, “it will be quite shocking
to send her away! And there are several of the young men, too, that she
likes very much. The officers may not be so pleasant in General ----'s
regiment.”

His daughter's request, for such it might be considered, of being
admitted into her family again before she set off for the North,
received at first an absolute negative. But Jane and Elizabeth,
who agreed in wishing, for the sake of their sister's feelings and
consequence, that she should be noticed on her marriage by her parents,
urged him so earnestly yet so rationally and so mildly, to receive her
and her husband at Longbourn, as soon as they were married, that he was
prevailed on to think as they thought, and act as they wished. And their
mother had the satisfaction of knowing that she would be able to show
her married daughter in the neighbourhood before she was banished to the
North. When Mr. Bennet wrote again to his brother, therefore, he sent
his permission for them to come; and it was settled, that as soon as
the ceremony was over, they should proceed to Longbourn. Elizabeth was
surprised, however, that Wickham should consent to such a scheme, and
had she consulted only her own inclination, any meeting with him would
have been the last object of her wishes.



Chapter 51


Their sister's wedding day arrived; and Jane and Elizabeth felt for her
probably more than she felt for herself. The carriage was sent to
meet them at ----, and they were to return in it by dinner-time. Their
arrival was dreaded by the elder Miss Bennets, and Jane more especially,
who gave Lydia the feelings which would have attended herself, had she
been the culprit, and was wretched in the thought of what her sister
must endure.

They came. The family were assembled in the breakfast room to receive
them. Smiles decked the face of Mrs. Bennet as the carriage drove up to
the door; her husband looked impenetrably grave; her daughters, alarmed,
anxious, uneasy.

Lydia's voice was heard in the vestibule; the door was thrown open, and
she ran into the room. Her mother stepped forwards, embraced her, and
welcomed her with rapture; gave her hand, with an affectionate smile,
to Wickham, who followed his lady; and wished them both joy with an
alacrity which shewed no doubt of their happiness.

Their reception from Mr. Bennet, to whom they then turned, was not quite
so cordial. His countenance rather gained in austerity; and he scarcely
opened his lips. The easy assurance of the young couple, indeed, was
enough to provoke him. Elizabeth was disgusted, and even Miss Bennet
was shocked. Lydia was Lydia still; untamed, unabashed, wild, noisy,
and fearless. She turned from sister to sister, demanding their
congratulations; and when at length they all sat down, looked eagerly
round the room, took notice of some little alteration in it, and
observed, with a laugh, that it was a great while since she had been
there.

Wickham was not at all more distressed than herself, but his manners
were always so pleasing, that had his character and his marriage been
exactly what they ought, his smiles and his easy address, while he
claimed their relationship, would have delighted them all. Elizabeth had
not before believed him quite equal to such assurance; but she sat down,
resolving within herself to draw no limits in future to the impudence
of an impudent man. She blushed, and Jane blushed; but the cheeks of the
two who caused their confusion suffered no variation of colour.

There was no want of discourse. The bride and her mother could neither
of them talk fast enough; and Wickham, who happened to sit near
Elizabeth, began inquiring after his acquaintance in that neighbourhood,
with a good humoured ease which she felt very unable to equal in her
replies. They seemed each of them to have the happiest memories in the
world. Nothing of the past was recollected with pain; and Lydia led
voluntarily to subjects which her sisters would not have alluded to for
the world.

“Only think of its being three months,” she cried, “since I went away;
it seems but a fortnight I declare; and yet there have been things
enough happened in the time. Good gracious! when I went away, I am sure
I had no more idea of being married till I came back again! though I
thought it would be very good fun if I was.”

Her father lifted up his eyes. Jane was distressed. Elizabeth looked
expressively at Lydia; but she, who never heard nor saw anything of
which she chose to be insensible, gaily continued, “Oh! mamma, do the
people hereabouts know I am married to-day? I was afraid they might not;
and we overtook William Goulding in his curricle, so I was determined he
should know it, and so I let down the side-glass next to him, and took
off my glove, and let my hand just rest upon the window frame, so that
he might see the ring, and then I bowed and smiled like anything.”

Elizabeth could bear it no longer. She got up, and ran out of the room;
and returned no more, till she heard them passing through the hall to
the dining parlour. She then joined them soon enough to see Lydia, with
anxious parade, walk up to her mother's right hand, and hear her say
to her eldest sister, “Ah! Jane, I take your place now, and you must go
lower, because I am a married woman.”

It was not to be supposed that time would give Lydia that embarrassment
from which she had been so wholly free at first. Her ease and good
spirits increased. She longed to see Mrs. Phillips, the Lucases, and
all their other neighbours, and to hear herself called “Mrs. Wickham”
 by each of them; and in the mean time, she went after dinner to show her
ring, and boast of being married, to Mrs. Hill and the two housemaids.

“Well, mamma,” said she, when they were all returned to the breakfast
room, “and what do you think of my husband? Is not he a charming man? I
am sure my sisters must all envy me. I only hope they may have half
my good luck. They must all go to Brighton. That is the place to get
husbands. What a pity it is, mamma, we did not all go.”

“Very true; and if I had my will, we should. But my dear Lydia, I don't
at all like your going such a way off. Must it be so?”

“Oh, lord! yes;--there is nothing in that. I shall like it of all
things. You and papa, and my sisters, must come down and see us. We
shall be at Newcastle all the winter, and I dare say there will be some
balls, and I will take care to get good partners for them all.”

“I should like it beyond anything!” said her mother.

“And then when you go away, you may leave one or two of my sisters
behind you; and I dare say I shall get husbands for them before the
winter is over.”

“I thank you for my share of the favour,” said Elizabeth; “but I do not
particularly like your way of getting husbands.”

Their visitors were not to remain above ten days with them. Mr. Wickham
had received his commission before he left London, and he was to join
his regiment at the end of a fortnight.

No one but Mrs. Bennet regretted that their stay would be so short; and
she made the most of the time by visiting about with her daughter, and
having very frequent parties at home. These parties were acceptable to
all; to avoid a family circle was even more desirable to such as did
think, than such as did not.

Wickham's affection for Lydia was just what Elizabeth had expected
to find it; not equal to Lydia's for him. She had scarcely needed her
present observation to be satisfied, from the reason of things, that
their elopement had been brought on by the strength of her love, rather
than by his; and she would have wondered why, without violently caring
for her, he chose to elope with her at all, had she not felt certain
that his flight was rendered necessary by distress of circumstances; and
if that were the case, he was not the young man to resist an opportunity
of having a companion.

Lydia was exceedingly fond of him. He was her dear Wickham on every
occasion; no one was to be put in competition with him. He did every
thing best in the world; and she was sure he would kill more birds on
the first of September, than any body else in the country.

One morning, soon after their arrival, as she was sitting with her two
elder sisters, she said to Elizabeth:

“Lizzy, I never gave _you_ an account of my wedding, I believe. You
were not by, when I told mamma and the others all about it. Are not you
curious to hear how it was managed?”

“No really,” replied Elizabeth; “I think there cannot be too little said
on the subject.”

“La! You are so strange! But I must tell you how it went off. We were
married, you know, at St. Clement's, because Wickham's lodgings were in
that parish. And it was settled that we should all be there by eleven
o'clock. My uncle and aunt and I were to go together; and the others
were to meet us at the church. Well, Monday morning came, and I was in
such a fuss! I was so afraid, you know, that something would happen to
put it off, and then I should have gone quite distracted. And there was
my aunt, all the time I was dressing, preaching and talking away just as
if she was reading a sermon. However, I did not hear above one word in
ten, for I was thinking, you may suppose, of my dear Wickham. I longed
to know whether he would be married in his blue coat.”

“Well, and so we breakfasted at ten as usual; I thought it would never
be over; for, by the bye, you are to understand, that my uncle and aunt
were horrid unpleasant all the time I was with them. If you'll believe
me, I did not once put my foot out of doors, though I was there a
fortnight. Not one party, or scheme, or anything. To be sure London was
rather thin, but, however, the Little Theatre was open. Well, and so
just as the carriage came to the door, my uncle was called away upon
business to that horrid man Mr. Stone. And then, you know, when once
they get together, there is no end of it. Well, I was so frightened I
did not know what to do, for my uncle was to give me away; and if we
were beyond the hour, we could not be married all day. But, luckily, he
came back again in ten minutes' time, and then we all set out. However,
I recollected afterwards that if he had been prevented going, the
wedding need not be put off, for Mr. Darcy might have done as well.”

“Mr. Darcy!” repeated Elizabeth, in utter amazement.

“Oh, yes!--he was to come there with Wickham, you know. But gracious
me! I quite forgot! I ought not to have said a word about it. I promised
them so faithfully! What will Wickham say? It was to be such a secret!”

“If it was to be secret,” said Jane, “say not another word on the
subject. You may depend upon my seeking no further.”

“Oh! certainly,” said Elizabeth, though burning with curiosity; “we will
ask you no questions.”

“Thank you,” said Lydia, “for if you did, I should certainly tell you
all, and then Wickham would be angry.”

On such encouragement to ask, Elizabeth was forced to put it out of her
power, by running away.

But to live in ignorance on such a point was impossible; or at least
it was impossible not to try for information. Mr. Darcy had been at
her sister's wedding. It was exactly a scene, and exactly among people,
where he had apparently least to do, and least temptation to go.
Conjectures as to the meaning of it, rapid and wild, hurried into her
brain; but she was satisfied with none. Those that best pleased her, as
placing his conduct in the noblest light, seemed most improbable. She
could not bear such suspense; and hastily seizing a sheet of paper,
wrote a short letter to her aunt, to request an explanation of what
Lydia had dropt, if it were compatible with the secrecy which had been
intended.

“You may readily comprehend,” she added, “what my curiosity must be
to know how a person unconnected with any of us, and (comparatively
speaking) a stranger to our family, should have been amongst you at such
a time. Pray write instantly, and let me understand it--unless it is,
for very cogent reasons, to remain in the secrecy which Lydia seems
to think necessary; and then I must endeavour to be satisfied with
ignorance.”

“Not that I _shall_, though,” she added to herself, as she finished
the letter; “and my dear aunt, if you do not tell me in an honourable
manner, I shall certainly be reduced to tricks and stratagems to find it
out.”

Jane's delicate sense of honour would not allow her to speak to
Elizabeth privately of what Lydia had let fall; Elizabeth was glad
of it;--till it appeared whether her inquiries would receive any
satisfaction, she had rather be without a confidante.



Chapter 52


Elizabeth had the satisfaction of receiving an answer to her letter as
soon as she possibly could. She was no sooner in possession of it
than, hurrying into the little copse, where she was least likely to
be interrupted, she sat down on one of the benches and prepared to
be happy; for the length of the letter convinced her that it did not
contain a denial.

“Gracechurch street, Sept. 6.

“MY DEAR NIECE,

“I have just received your letter, and shall devote this whole morning
to answering it, as I foresee that a _little_ writing will not comprise
what I have to tell you. I must confess myself surprised by your
application; I did not expect it from _you_. Don't think me angry,
however, for I only mean to let you know that I had not imagined such
inquiries to be necessary on _your_ side. If you do not choose to
understand me, forgive my impertinence. Your uncle is as much surprised
as I am--and nothing but the belief of your being a party concerned
would have allowed him to act as he has done. But if you are really
innocent and ignorant, I must be more explicit.

“On the very day of my coming home from Longbourn, your uncle had a most
unexpected visitor. Mr. Darcy called, and was shut up with him several
hours. It was all over before I arrived; so my curiosity was not so
dreadfully racked as _yours_ seems to have been. He came to tell Mr.
Gardiner that he had found out where your sister and Mr. Wickham were,
and that he had seen and talked with them both; Wickham repeatedly,
Lydia once. From what I can collect, he left Derbyshire only one day
after ourselves, and came to town with the resolution of hunting for
them. The motive professed was his conviction of its being owing to
himself that Wickham's worthlessness had not been so well known as to
make it impossible for any young woman of character to love or confide
in him. He generously imputed the whole to his mistaken pride, and
confessed that he had before thought it beneath him to lay his private
actions open to the world. His character was to speak for itself. He
called it, therefore, his duty to step forward, and endeavour to remedy
an evil which had been brought on by himself. If he _had another_
motive, I am sure it would never disgrace him. He had been some days
in town, before he was able to discover them; but he had something to
direct his search, which was more than _we_ had; and the consciousness
of this was another reason for his resolving to follow us.

“There is a lady, it seems, a Mrs. Younge, who was some time ago
governess to Miss Darcy, and was dismissed from her charge on some cause
of disapprobation, though he did not say what. She then took a large
house in Edward-street, and has since maintained herself by letting
lodgings. This Mrs. Younge was, he knew, intimately acquainted with
Wickham; and he went to her for intelligence of him as soon as he got to
town. But it was two or three days before he could get from her what he
wanted. She would not betray her trust, I suppose, without bribery and
corruption, for she really did know where her friend was to be found.
Wickham indeed had gone to her on their first arrival in London, and had
she been able to receive them into her house, they would have taken up
their abode with her. At length, however, our kind friend procured the
wished-for direction. They were in ---- street. He saw Wickham, and
afterwards insisted on seeing Lydia. His first object with her, he
acknowledged, had been to persuade her to quit her present disgraceful
situation, and return to her friends as soon as they could be prevailed
on to receive her, offering his assistance, as far as it would go. But
he found Lydia absolutely resolved on remaining where she was. She cared
for none of her friends; she wanted no help of his; she would not hear
of leaving Wickham. She was sure they should be married some time or
other, and it did not much signify when. Since such were her feelings,
it only remained, he thought, to secure and expedite a marriage, which,
in his very first conversation with Wickham, he easily learnt had never
been _his_ design. He confessed himself obliged to leave the regiment,
on account of some debts of honour, which were very pressing; and
scrupled not to lay all the ill-consequences of Lydia's flight on her
own folly alone. He meant to resign his commission immediately; and as
to his future situation, he could conjecture very little about it. He
must go somewhere, but he did not know where, and he knew he should have
nothing to live on.

“Mr. Darcy asked him why he had not married your sister at once. Though
Mr. Bennet was not imagined to be very rich, he would have been able
to do something for him, and his situation must have been benefited by
marriage. But he found, in reply to this question, that Wickham still
cherished the hope of more effectually making his fortune by marriage in
some other country. Under such circumstances, however, he was not likely
to be proof against the temptation of immediate relief.

“They met several times, for there was much to be discussed. Wickham of
course wanted more than he could get; but at length was reduced to be
reasonable.

“Every thing being settled between _them_, Mr. Darcy's next step was to
make your uncle acquainted with it, and he first called in Gracechurch
street the evening before I came home. But Mr. Gardiner could not be
seen, and Mr. Darcy found, on further inquiry, that your father was
still with him, but would quit town the next morning. He did not judge
your father to be a person whom he could so properly consult as your
uncle, and therefore readily postponed seeing him till after the
departure of the former. He did not leave his name, and till the next
day it was only known that a gentleman had called on business.

“On Saturday he came again. Your father was gone, your uncle at home,
and, as I said before, they had a great deal of talk together.

“They met again on Sunday, and then _I_ saw him too. It was not all
settled before Monday: as soon as it was, the express was sent off to
Longbourn. But our visitor was very obstinate. I fancy, Lizzy, that
obstinacy is the real defect of his character, after all. He has been
accused of many faults at different times, but _this_ is the true one.
Nothing was to be done that he did not do himself; though I am sure (and
I do not speak it to be thanked, therefore say nothing about it), your
uncle would most readily have settled the whole.

“They battled it together for a long time, which was more than either
the gentleman or lady concerned in it deserved. But at last your uncle
was forced to yield, and instead of being allowed to be of use to his
niece, was forced to put up with only having the probable credit of it,
which went sorely against the grain; and I really believe your letter
this morning gave him great pleasure, because it required an explanation
that would rob him of his borrowed feathers, and give the praise where
it was due. But, Lizzy, this must go no farther than yourself, or Jane
at most.

“You know pretty well, I suppose, what has been done for the young
people. His debts are to be paid, amounting, I believe, to considerably
more than a thousand pounds, another thousand in addition to her own
settled upon _her_, and his commission purchased. The reason why all
this was to be done by him alone, was such as I have given above. It
was owing to him, to his reserve and want of proper consideration, that
Wickham's character had been so misunderstood, and consequently that he
had been received and noticed as he was. Perhaps there was some truth
in _this_; though I doubt whether _his_ reserve, or _anybody's_ reserve,
can be answerable for the event. But in spite of all this fine talking,
my dear Lizzy, you may rest perfectly assured that your uncle would
never have yielded, if we had not given him credit for _another
interest_ in the affair.

“When all this was resolved on, he returned again to his friends, who
were still staying at Pemberley; but it was agreed that he should be in
London once more when the wedding took place, and all money matters were
then to receive the last finish.

“I believe I have now told you every thing. It is a relation which
you tell me is to give you great surprise; I hope at least it will not
afford you any displeasure. Lydia came to us; and Wickham had constant
admission to the house. _He_ was exactly what he had been, when I
knew him in Hertfordshire; but I would not tell you how little I was
satisfied with her behaviour while she staid with us, if I had not
perceived, by Jane's letter last Wednesday, that her conduct on coming
home was exactly of a piece with it, and therefore what I now tell
you can give you no fresh pain. I talked to her repeatedly in the most
serious manner, representing to her all the wickedness of what she had
done, and all the unhappiness she had brought on her family. If she
heard me, it was by good luck, for I am sure she did not listen. I was
sometimes quite provoked, but then I recollected my dear Elizabeth and
Jane, and for their sakes had patience with her.

“Mr. Darcy was punctual in his return, and as Lydia informed you,
attended the wedding. He dined with us the next day, and was to leave
town again on Wednesday or Thursday. Will you be very angry with me, my
dear Lizzy, if I take this opportunity of saying (what I was never bold
enough to say before) how much I like him. His behaviour to us has,
in every respect, been as pleasing as when we were in Derbyshire. His
understanding and opinions all please me; he wants nothing but a little
more liveliness, and _that_, if he marry _prudently_, his wife may teach
him. I thought him very sly;--he hardly ever mentioned your name. But
slyness seems the fashion.

“Pray forgive me if I have been very presuming, or at least do not
punish me so far as to exclude me from P. I shall never be quite happy
till I have been all round the park. A low phaeton, with a nice little
pair of ponies, would be the very thing.

“But I must write no more. The children have been wanting me this half
hour.

“Yours, very sincerely,

“M. GARDINER.”

The contents of this letter threw Elizabeth into a flutter of spirits,
in which it was difficult to determine whether pleasure or pain bore the
greatest share. The vague and unsettled suspicions which uncertainty had
produced of what Mr. Darcy might have been doing to forward her sister's
match, which she had feared to encourage as an exertion of goodness too
great to be probable, and at the same time dreaded to be just, from the
pain of obligation, were proved beyond their greatest extent to be true!
He had followed them purposely to town, he had taken on himself all
the trouble and mortification attendant on such a research; in which
supplication had been necessary to a woman whom he must abominate and
despise, and where he was reduced to meet, frequently meet, reason
with, persuade, and finally bribe, the man whom he always most wished to
avoid, and whose very name it was punishment to him to pronounce. He had
done all this for a girl whom he could neither regard nor esteem. Her
heart did whisper that he had done it for her. But it was a hope shortly
checked by other considerations, and she soon felt that even her vanity
was insufficient, when required to depend on his affection for her--for
a woman who had already refused him--as able to overcome a sentiment so
natural as abhorrence against relationship with Wickham. Brother-in-law
of Wickham! Every kind of pride must revolt from the connection. He had,
to be sure, done much. She was ashamed to think how much. But he had
given a reason for his interference, which asked no extraordinary
stretch of belief. It was reasonable that he should feel he had been
wrong; he had liberality, and he had the means of exercising it; and
though she would not place herself as his principal inducement, she
could, perhaps, believe that remaining partiality for her might assist
his endeavours in a cause where her peace of mind must be materially
concerned. It was painful, exceedingly painful, to know that they were
under obligations to a person who could never receive a return. They
owed the restoration of Lydia, her character, every thing, to him. Oh!
how heartily did she grieve over every ungracious sensation she had ever
encouraged, every saucy speech she had ever directed towards him. For
herself she was humbled; but she was proud of him. Proud that in a cause
of compassion and honour, he had been able to get the better of himself.
She read over her aunt's commendation of him again and again. It
was hardly enough; but it pleased her. She was even sensible of some
pleasure, though mixed with regret, on finding how steadfastly both she
and her uncle had been persuaded that affection and confidence subsisted
between Mr. Darcy and herself.

She was roused from her seat, and her reflections, by some one's
approach; and before she could strike into another path, she was
overtaken by Wickham.

“I am afraid I interrupt your solitary ramble, my dear sister?” said he,
as he joined her.

“You certainly do,” she replied with a smile; “but it does not follow
that the interruption must be unwelcome.”

“I should be sorry indeed, if it were. We were always good friends; and
now we are better.”

“True. Are the others coming out?”

“I do not know. Mrs. Bennet and Lydia are going in the carriage to
Meryton. And so, my dear sister, I find, from our uncle and aunt, that
you have actually seen Pemberley.”

She replied in the affirmative.

“I almost envy you the pleasure, and yet I believe it would be too much
for me, or else I could take it in my way to Newcastle. And you saw the
old housekeeper, I suppose? Poor Reynolds, she was always very fond of
me. But of course she did not mention my name to you.”

“Yes, she did.”

“And what did she say?”

“That you were gone into the army, and she was afraid had--not turned
out well. At such a distance as _that_, you know, things are strangely
misrepresented.”

“Certainly,” he replied, biting his lips. Elizabeth hoped she had
silenced him; but he soon afterwards said:

“I was surprised to see Darcy in town last month. We passed each other
several times. I wonder what he can be doing there.”

“Perhaps preparing for his marriage with Miss de Bourgh,” said
Elizabeth. “It must be something particular, to take him there at this
time of year.”

“Undoubtedly. Did you see him while you were at Lambton? I thought I
understood from the Gardiners that you had.”

“Yes; he introduced us to his sister.”

“And do you like her?”

“Very much.”

“I have heard, indeed, that she is uncommonly improved within this year
or two. When I last saw her, she was not very promising. I am very glad
you liked her. I hope she will turn out well.”

“I dare say she will; she has got over the most trying age.”

“Did you go by the village of Kympton?”

“I do not recollect that we did.”

“I mention it, because it is the living which I ought to have had. A
most delightful place!--Excellent Parsonage House! It would have suited
me in every respect.”

“How should you have liked making sermons?”

“Exceedingly well. I should have considered it as part of my duty,
and the exertion would soon have been nothing. One ought not to
repine;--but, to be sure, it would have been such a thing for me! The
quiet, the retirement of such a life would have answered all my ideas
of happiness! But it was not to be. Did you ever hear Darcy mention the
circumstance, when you were in Kent?”

“I have heard from authority, which I thought _as good_, that it was
left you conditionally only, and at the will of the present patron.”

“You have. Yes, there was something in _that_; I told you so from the
first, you may remember.”

“I _did_ hear, too, that there was a time, when sermon-making was not
so palatable to you as it seems to be at present; that you actually
declared your resolution of never taking orders, and that the business
had been compromised accordingly.”

“You did! and it was not wholly without foundation. You may remember
what I told you on that point, when first we talked of it.”

They were now almost at the door of the house, for she had walked fast
to get rid of him; and unwilling, for her sister's sake, to provoke him,
she only said in reply, with a good-humoured smile:

“Come, Mr. Wickham, we are brother and sister, you know. Do not let
us quarrel about the past. In future, I hope we shall be always of one
mind.”

She held out her hand; he kissed it with affectionate gallantry, though
he hardly knew how to look, and they entered the house.



Chapter 53


Mr. Wickham was so perfectly satisfied with this conversation that he
never again distressed himself, or provoked his dear sister Elizabeth,
by introducing the subject of it; and she was pleased to find that she
had said enough to keep him quiet.

The day of his and Lydia's departure soon came, and Mrs. Bennet was
forced to submit to a separation, which, as her husband by no means
entered into her scheme of their all going to Newcastle, was likely to
continue at least a twelvemonth.

“Oh! my dear Lydia,” she cried, “when shall we meet again?”

“Oh, lord! I don't know. Not these two or three years, perhaps.”

“Write to me very often, my dear.”

“As often as I can. But you know married women have never much time for
writing. My sisters may write to _me_. They will have nothing else to
do.”

Mr. Wickham's adieus were much more affectionate than his wife's. He
smiled, looked handsome, and said many pretty things.

“He is as fine a fellow,” said Mr. Bennet, as soon as they were out of
the house, “as ever I saw. He simpers, and smirks, and makes love to
us all. I am prodigiously proud of him. I defy even Sir William Lucas
himself to produce a more valuable son-in-law.”

The loss of her daughter made Mrs. Bennet very dull for several days.

“I often think,” said she, “that there is nothing so bad as parting with
one's friends. One seems so forlorn without them.”

“This is the consequence, you see, Madam, of marrying a daughter,” said
Elizabeth. “It must make you better satisfied that your other four are
single.”

“It is no such thing. Lydia does not leave me because she is married,
but only because her husband's regiment happens to be so far off. If
that had been nearer, she would not have gone so soon.”

But the spiritless condition which this event threw her into was shortly
relieved, and her mind opened again to the agitation of hope, by an
article of news which then began to be in circulation. The housekeeper
at Netherfield had received orders to prepare for the arrival of her
master, who was coming down in a day or two, to shoot there for several
weeks. Mrs. Bennet was quite in the fidgets. She looked at Jane, and
smiled and shook her head by turns.

“Well, well, and so Mr. Bingley is coming down, sister,” (for Mrs.
Phillips first brought her the news). “Well, so much the better. Not
that I care about it, though. He is nothing to us, you know, and I am
sure _I_ never want to see him again. But, however, he is very welcome
to come to Netherfield, if he likes it. And who knows what _may_ happen?
But that is nothing to us. You know, sister, we agreed long ago never to
mention a word about it. And so, is it quite certain he is coming?”

“You may depend on it,” replied the other, “for Mrs. Nicholls was in
Meryton last night; I saw her passing by, and went out myself on purpose
to know the truth of it; and she told me that it was certain true. He
comes down on Thursday at the latest, very likely on Wednesday. She was
going to the butcher's, she told me, on purpose to order in some meat on
Wednesday, and she has got three couple of ducks just fit to be killed.”

Miss Bennet had not been able to hear of his coming without changing
colour. It was many months since she had mentioned his name to
Elizabeth; but now, as soon as they were alone together, she said:

“I saw you look at me to-day, Lizzy, when my aunt told us of the present
report; and I know I appeared distressed. But don't imagine it was from
any silly cause. I was only confused for the moment, because I felt that
I _should_ be looked at. I do assure you that the news does not affect
me either with pleasure or pain. I am glad of one thing, that he comes
alone; because we shall see the less of him. Not that I am afraid of
_myself_, but I dread other people's remarks.”

Elizabeth did not know what to make of it. Had she not seen him in
Derbyshire, she might have supposed him capable of coming there with no
other view than what was acknowledged; but she still thought him partial
to Jane, and she wavered as to the greater probability of his coming
there _with_ his friend's permission, or being bold enough to come
without it.

“Yet it is hard,” she sometimes thought, “that this poor man cannot
come to a house which he has legally hired, without raising all this
speculation! I _will_ leave him to himself.”

In spite of what her sister declared, and really believed to be her
feelings in the expectation of his arrival, Elizabeth could easily
perceive that her spirits were affected by it. They were more disturbed,
more unequal, than she had often seen them.

The subject which had been so warmly canvassed between their parents,
about a twelvemonth ago, was now brought forward again.

“As soon as ever Mr. Bingley comes, my dear,” said Mrs. Bennet, “you
will wait on him of course.”

“No, no. You forced me into visiting him last year, and promised, if I
went to see him, he should marry one of my daughters. But it ended in
nothing, and I will not be sent on a fool's errand again.”

His wife represented to him how absolutely necessary such an attention
would be from all the neighbouring gentlemen, on his returning to
Netherfield.

“'Tis an etiquette I despise,” said he. “If he wants our society,
let him seek it. He knows where we live. I will not spend my hours
in running after my neighbours every time they go away and come back
again.”

“Well, all I know is, that it will be abominably rude if you do not wait
on him. But, however, that shan't prevent my asking him to dine here, I
am determined. We must have Mrs. Long and the Gouldings soon. That will
make thirteen with ourselves, so there will be just room at table for
him.”

Consoled by this resolution, she was the better able to bear her
husband's incivility; though it was very mortifying to know that her
neighbours might all see Mr. Bingley, in consequence of it, before
_they_ did. As the day of his arrival drew near,--

“I begin to be sorry that he comes at all,” said Jane to her sister. “It
would be nothing; I could see him with perfect indifference, but I can
hardly bear to hear it thus perpetually talked of. My mother means well;
but she does not know, no one can know, how much I suffer from what she
says. Happy shall I be, when his stay at Netherfield is over!”

“I wish I could say anything to comfort you,” replied Elizabeth; “but it
is wholly out of my power. You must feel it; and the usual satisfaction
of preaching patience to a sufferer is denied me, because you have
always so much.”

Mr. Bingley arrived. Mrs. Bennet, through the assistance of servants,
contrived to have the earliest tidings of it, that the period of anxiety
and fretfulness on her side might be as long as it could. She counted
the days that must intervene before their invitation could be sent;
hopeless of seeing him before. But on the third morning after his
arrival in Hertfordshire, she saw him, from her dressing-room window,
enter the paddock and ride towards the house.

Her daughters were eagerly called to partake of her joy. Jane resolutely
kept her place at the table; but Elizabeth, to satisfy her mother, went
to the window--she looked,--she saw Mr. Darcy with him, and sat down
again by her sister.

“There is a gentleman with him, mamma,” said Kitty; “who can it be?”

“Some acquaintance or other, my dear, I suppose; I am sure I do not
know.”

“La!” replied Kitty, “it looks just like that man that used to be with
him before. Mr. what's-his-name. That tall, proud man.”

“Good gracious! Mr. Darcy!--and so it does, I vow. Well, any friend of
Mr. Bingley's will always be welcome here, to be sure; but else I must
say that I hate the very sight of him.”

Jane looked at Elizabeth with surprise and concern. She knew but little
of their meeting in Derbyshire, and therefore felt for the awkwardness
which must attend her sister, in seeing him almost for the first time
after receiving his explanatory letter. Both sisters were uncomfortable
enough. Each felt for the other, and of course for themselves; and their
mother talked on, of her dislike of Mr. Darcy, and her resolution to be
civil to him only as Mr. Bingley's friend, without being heard by either
of them. But Elizabeth had sources of uneasiness which could not be
suspected by Jane, to whom she had never yet had courage to shew Mrs.
Gardiner's letter, or to relate her own change of sentiment towards him.
To Jane, he could be only a man whose proposals she had refused,
and whose merit she had undervalued; but to her own more extensive
information, he was the person to whom the whole family were indebted
for the first of benefits, and whom she regarded herself with an
interest, if not quite so tender, at least as reasonable and just as
what Jane felt for Bingley. Her astonishment at his coming--at his
coming to Netherfield, to Longbourn, and voluntarily seeking her again,
was almost equal to what she had known on first witnessing his altered
behaviour in Derbyshire.

The colour which had been driven from her face, returned for half a
minute with an additional glow, and a smile of delight added lustre to
her eyes, as she thought for that space of time that his affection and
wishes must still be unshaken. But she would not be secure.

“Let me first see how he behaves,” said she; “it will then be early
enough for expectation.”

She sat intently at work, striving to be composed, and without daring to
lift up her eyes, till anxious curiosity carried them to the face of
her sister as the servant was approaching the door. Jane looked a little
paler than usual, but more sedate than Elizabeth had expected. On the
gentlemen's appearing, her colour increased; yet she received them with
tolerable ease, and with a propriety of behaviour equally free from any
symptom of resentment or any unnecessary complaisance.

Elizabeth said as little to either as civility would allow, and sat down
again to her work, with an eagerness which it did not often command. She
had ventured only one glance at Darcy. He looked serious, as usual; and,
she thought, more as he had been used to look in Hertfordshire, than as
she had seen him at Pemberley. But, perhaps he could not in her mother's
presence be what he was before her uncle and aunt. It was a painful, but
not an improbable, conjecture.

Bingley, she had likewise seen for an instant, and in that short period
saw him looking both pleased and embarrassed. He was received by Mrs.
Bennet with a degree of civility which made her two daughters ashamed,
especially when contrasted with the cold and ceremonious politeness of
her curtsey and address to his friend.

Elizabeth, particularly, who knew that her mother owed to the latter
the preservation of her favourite daughter from irremediable infamy,
was hurt and distressed to a most painful degree by a distinction so ill
applied.

Darcy, after inquiring of her how Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner did, a question
which she could not answer without confusion, said scarcely anything. He
was not seated by her; perhaps that was the reason of his silence; but
it had not been so in Derbyshire. There he had talked to her friends,
when he could not to herself. But now several minutes elapsed without
bringing the sound of his voice; and when occasionally, unable to resist
the impulse of curiosity, she raised her eyes to his face, she as often
found him looking at Jane as at herself, and frequently on no object but
the ground. More thoughtfulness and less anxiety to please, than when
they last met, were plainly expressed. She was disappointed, and angry
with herself for being so.

“Could I expect it to be otherwise!” said she. “Yet why did he come?”

She was in no humour for conversation with anyone but himself; and to
him she had hardly courage to speak.

She inquired after his sister, but could do no more.

“It is a long time, Mr. Bingley, since you went away,” said Mrs. Bennet.

He readily agreed to it.

“I began to be afraid you would never come back again. People _did_ say
you meant to quit the place entirely at Michaelmas; but, however, I hope
it is not true. A great many changes have happened in the neighbourhood,
since you went away. Miss Lucas is married and settled. And one of my
own daughters. I suppose you have heard of it; indeed, you must have
seen it in the papers. It was in The Times and The Courier, I know;
though it was not put in as it ought to be. It was only said, 'Lately,
George Wickham, Esq. to Miss Lydia Bennet,' without there being a
syllable said of her father, or the place where she lived, or anything.
It was my brother Gardiner's drawing up too, and I wonder how he came to
make such an awkward business of it. Did you see it?”

Bingley replied that he did, and made his congratulations. Elizabeth
dared not lift up her eyes. How Mr. Darcy looked, therefore, she could
not tell.

“It is a delightful thing, to be sure, to have a daughter well married,”
 continued her mother, “but at the same time, Mr. Bingley, it is very
hard to have her taken such a way from me. They are gone down to
Newcastle, a place quite northward, it seems, and there they are to stay
I do not know how long. His regiment is there; for I suppose you have
heard of his leaving the ----shire, and of his being gone into the
regulars. Thank Heaven! he has _some_ friends, though perhaps not so
many as he deserves.”

Elizabeth, who knew this to be levelled at Mr. Darcy, was in such
misery of shame, that she could hardly keep her seat. It drew from her,
however, the exertion of speaking, which nothing else had so effectually
done before; and she asked Bingley whether he meant to make any stay in
the country at present. A few weeks, he believed.

“When you have killed all your own birds, Mr. Bingley,” said her mother,
“I beg you will come here, and shoot as many as you please on Mr.
Bennet's manor. I am sure he will be vastly happy to oblige you, and
will save all the best of the covies for you.”

Elizabeth's misery increased, at such unnecessary, such officious
attention! Were the same fair prospect to arise at present as had
flattered them a year ago, every thing, she was persuaded, would be
hastening to the same vexatious conclusion. At that instant, she felt
that years of happiness could not make Jane or herself amends for
moments of such painful confusion.

“The first wish of my heart,” said she to herself, “is never more to
be in company with either of them. Their society can afford no pleasure
that will atone for such wretchedness as this! Let me never see either
one or the other again!”

Yet the misery, for which years of happiness were to offer no
compensation, received soon afterwards material relief, from observing
how much the beauty of her sister re-kindled the admiration of her
former lover. When first he came in, he had spoken to her but little;
but every five minutes seemed to be giving her more of his attention. He
found her as handsome as she had been last year; as good natured, and
as unaffected, though not quite so chatty. Jane was anxious that no
difference should be perceived in her at all, and was really persuaded
that she talked as much as ever. But her mind was so busily engaged,
that she did not always know when she was silent.

When the gentlemen rose to go away, Mrs. Bennet was mindful of her
intended civility, and they were invited and engaged to dine at
Longbourn in a few days time.

“You are quite a visit in my debt, Mr. Bingley,” she added, “for when
you went to town last winter, you promised to take a family dinner with
us, as soon as you returned. I have not forgot, you see; and I assure
you, I was very much disappointed that you did not come back and keep
your engagement.”

Bingley looked a little silly at this reflection, and said something of
his concern at having been prevented by business. They then went away.

Mrs. Bennet had been strongly inclined to ask them to stay and dine
there that day; but, though she always kept a very good table, she did
not think anything less than two courses could be good enough for a man
on whom she had such anxious designs, or satisfy the appetite and pride
of one who had ten thousand a year.



Chapter 54


As soon as they were gone, Elizabeth walked out to recover her spirits;
or in other words, to dwell without interruption on those subjects that
must deaden them more. Mr. Darcy's behaviour astonished and vexed her.

“Why, if he came only to be silent, grave, and indifferent,” said she,
“did he come at all?”

She could settle it in no way that gave her pleasure.

“He could be still amiable, still pleasing, to my uncle and aunt, when
he was in town; and why not to me? If he fears me, why come hither? If
he no longer cares for me, why silent? Teasing, teasing, man! I will
think no more about him.”

Her resolution was for a short time involuntarily kept by the approach
of her sister, who joined her with a cheerful look, which showed her
better satisfied with their visitors, than Elizabeth.

“Now,” said she, “that this first meeting is over, I feel perfectly
easy. I know my own strength, and I shall never be embarrassed again by
his coming. I am glad he dines here on Tuesday. It will then be publicly
seen that, on both sides, we meet only as common and indifferent
acquaintance.”

“Yes, very indifferent indeed,” said Elizabeth, laughingly. “Oh, Jane,
take care.”

“My dear Lizzy, you cannot think me so weak, as to be in danger now?”

“I think you are in very great danger of making him as much in love with
you as ever.”

                          * * * * *

They did not see the gentlemen again till Tuesday; and Mrs. Bennet, in
the meanwhile, was giving way to all the happy schemes, which the good
humour and common politeness of Bingley, in half an hour's visit, had
revived.

On Tuesday there was a large party assembled at Longbourn; and the two
who were most anxiously expected, to the credit of their punctuality
as sportsmen, were in very good time. When they repaired to the
dining-room, Elizabeth eagerly watched to see whether Bingley would take
the place, which, in all their former parties, had belonged to him, by
her sister. Her prudent mother, occupied by the same ideas, forbore
to invite him to sit by herself. On entering the room, he seemed to
hesitate; but Jane happened to look round, and happened to smile: it was
decided. He placed himself by her.

Elizabeth, with a triumphant sensation, looked towards his friend.
He bore it with noble indifference, and she would have imagined that
Bingley had received his sanction to be happy, had she not seen his eyes
likewise turned towards Mr. Darcy, with an expression of half-laughing
alarm.

His behaviour to her sister was such, during dinner time, as showed an
admiration of her, which, though more guarded than formerly, persuaded
Elizabeth, that if left wholly to himself, Jane's happiness, and his
own, would be speedily secured. Though she dared not depend upon the
consequence, she yet received pleasure from observing his behaviour. It
gave her all the animation that her spirits could boast; for she was in
no cheerful humour. Mr. Darcy was almost as far from her as the table
could divide them. He was on one side of her mother. She knew how little
such a situation would give pleasure to either, or make either appear to
advantage. She was not near enough to hear any of their discourse, but
she could see how seldom they spoke to each other, and how formal and
cold was their manner whenever they did. Her mother's ungraciousness,
made the sense of what they owed him more painful to Elizabeth's mind;
and she would, at times, have given anything to be privileged to tell
him that his kindness was neither unknown nor unfelt by the whole of the
family.

She was in hopes that the evening would afford some opportunity of
bringing them together; that the whole of the visit would not pass away
without enabling them to enter into something more of conversation than
the mere ceremonious salutation attending his entrance. Anxious
and uneasy, the period which passed in the drawing-room, before the
gentlemen came, was wearisome and dull to a degree that almost made her
uncivil. She looked forward to their entrance as the point on which all
her chance of pleasure for the evening must depend.

“If he does not come to me, _then_,” said she, “I shall give him up for
ever.”

The gentlemen came; and she thought he looked as if he would have
answered her hopes; but, alas! the ladies had crowded round the table,
where Miss Bennet was making tea, and Elizabeth pouring out the coffee,
in so close a confederacy that there was not a single vacancy near her
which would admit of a chair. And on the gentlemen's approaching, one of
the girls moved closer to her than ever, and said, in a whisper:

“The men shan't come and part us, I am determined. We want none of them;
do we?”

Darcy had walked away to another part of the room. She followed him with
her eyes, envied everyone to whom he spoke, had scarcely patience enough
to help anybody to coffee; and then was enraged against herself for
being so silly!

“A man who has once been refused! How could I ever be foolish enough to
expect a renewal of his love? Is there one among the sex, who would not
protest against such a weakness as a second proposal to the same woman?
There is no indignity so abhorrent to their feelings!”

She was a little revived, however, by his bringing back his coffee cup
himself; and she seized the opportunity of saying:

“Is your sister at Pemberley still?”

“Yes, she will remain there till Christmas.”

“And quite alone? Have all her friends left her?”

“Mrs. Annesley is with her. The others have been gone on to Scarborough,
these three weeks.”

She could think of nothing more to say; but if he wished to converse
with her, he might have better success. He stood by her, however, for
some minutes, in silence; and, at last, on the young lady's whispering
to Elizabeth again, he walked away.

When the tea-things were removed, and the card-tables placed, the ladies
all rose, and Elizabeth was then hoping to be soon joined by him,
when all her views were overthrown by seeing him fall a victim to her
mother's rapacity for whist players, and in a few moments after seated
with the rest of the party. She now lost every expectation of pleasure.
They were confined for the evening at different tables, and she had
nothing to hope, but that his eyes were so often turned towards her side
of the room, as to make him play as unsuccessfully as herself.

Mrs. Bennet had designed to keep the two Netherfield gentlemen to
supper; but their carriage was unluckily ordered before any of the
others, and she had no opportunity of detaining them.

“Well girls,” said she, as soon as they were left to themselves, “What
say you to the day? I think every thing has passed off uncommonly well,
I assure you. The dinner was as well dressed as any I ever saw. The
venison was roasted to a turn--and everybody said they never saw so
fat a haunch. The soup was fifty times better than what we had at the
Lucases' last week; and even Mr. Darcy acknowledged, that the partridges
were remarkably well done; and I suppose he has two or three French
cooks at least. And, my dear Jane, I never saw you look in greater
beauty. Mrs. Long said so too, for I asked her whether you did not. And
what do you think she said besides? 'Ah! Mrs. Bennet, we shall have her
at Netherfield at last.' She did indeed. I do think Mrs. Long is as good
a creature as ever lived--and her nieces are very pretty behaved girls,
and not at all handsome: I like them prodigiously.”

Mrs. Bennet, in short, was in very great spirits; she had seen enough of
Bingley's behaviour to Jane, to be convinced that she would get him at
last; and her expectations of advantage to her family, when in a happy
humour, were so far beyond reason, that she was quite disappointed at
not seeing him there again the next day, to make his proposals.

“It has been a very agreeable day,” said Miss Bennet to Elizabeth. “The
party seemed so well selected, so suitable one with the other. I hope we
may often meet again.”

Elizabeth smiled.

“Lizzy, you must not do so. You must not suspect me. It mortifies me.
I assure you that I have now learnt to enjoy his conversation as an
agreeable and sensible young man, without having a wish beyond it. I am
perfectly satisfied, from what his manners now are, that he never had
any design of engaging my affection. It is only that he is blessed
with greater sweetness of address, and a stronger desire of generally
pleasing, than any other man.”

“You are very cruel,” said her sister, “you will not let me smile, and
are provoking me to it every moment.”

“How hard it is in some cases to be believed!”

“And how impossible in others!”

“But why should you wish to persuade me that I feel more than I
acknowledge?”

“That is a question which I hardly know how to answer. We all love to
instruct, though we can teach only what is not worth knowing. Forgive
me; and if you persist in indifference, do not make me your confidante.”



Chapter 55


A few days after this visit, Mr. Bingley called again, and alone. His
friend had left him that morning for London, but was to return home in
ten days time. He sat with them above an hour, and was in remarkably
good spirits. Mrs. Bennet invited him to dine with them; but, with many
expressions of concern, he confessed himself engaged elsewhere.

“Next time you call,” said she, “I hope we shall be more lucky.”

He should be particularly happy at any time, etc. etc.; and if she would
give him leave, would take an early opportunity of waiting on them.

“Can you come to-morrow?”

Yes, he had no engagement at all for to-morrow; and her invitation was
accepted with alacrity.

He came, and in such very good time that the ladies were none of them
dressed. In ran Mrs. Bennet to her daughter's room, in her dressing
gown, and with her hair half finished, crying out:

“My dear Jane, make haste and hurry down. He is come--Mr. Bingley is
come. He is, indeed. Make haste, make haste. Here, Sarah, come to Miss
Bennet this moment, and help her on with her gown. Never mind Miss
Lizzy's hair.”

“We will be down as soon as we can,” said Jane; “but I dare say Kitty is
forwarder than either of us, for she went up stairs half an hour ago.”

“Oh! hang Kitty! what has she to do with it? Come be quick, be quick!
Where is your sash, my dear?”

But when her mother was gone, Jane would not be prevailed on to go down
without one of her sisters.

The same anxiety to get them by themselves was visible again in the
evening. After tea, Mr. Bennet retired to the library, as was his
custom, and Mary went up stairs to her instrument. Two obstacles of
the five being thus removed, Mrs. Bennet sat looking and winking at
Elizabeth and Catherine for a considerable time, without making any
impression on them. Elizabeth would not observe her; and when at last
Kitty did, she very innocently said, “What is the matter mamma? What do
you keep winking at me for? What am I to do?”

“Nothing child, nothing. I did not wink at you.” She then sat still
five minutes longer; but unable to waste such a precious occasion, she
suddenly got up, and saying to Kitty, “Come here, my love, I want to
speak to you,” took her out of the room. Jane instantly gave a look
at Elizabeth which spoke her distress at such premeditation, and her
entreaty that _she_ would not give in to it. In a few minutes, Mrs.
Bennet half-opened the door and called out:

“Lizzy, my dear, I want to speak with you.”

Elizabeth was forced to go.

“We may as well leave them by themselves you know;” said her mother, as
soon as she was in the hall. “Kitty and I are going up stairs to sit in
my dressing-room.”

Elizabeth made no attempt to reason with her mother, but remained
quietly in the hall, till she and Kitty were out of sight, then returned
into the drawing-room.

Mrs. Bennet's schemes for this day were ineffectual. Bingley was every
thing that was charming, except the professed lover of her daughter. His
ease and cheerfulness rendered him a most agreeable addition to their
evening party; and he bore with the ill-judged officiousness of the
mother, and heard all her silly remarks with a forbearance and command
of countenance particularly grateful to the daughter.

He scarcely needed an invitation to stay supper; and before he went
away, an engagement was formed, chiefly through his own and Mrs.
Bennet's means, for his coming next morning to shoot with her husband.

After this day, Jane said no more of her indifference. Not a word passed
between the sisters concerning Bingley; but Elizabeth went to bed in
the happy belief that all must speedily be concluded, unless Mr. Darcy
returned within the stated time. Seriously, however, she felt tolerably
persuaded that all this must have taken place with that gentleman's
concurrence.

Bingley was punctual to his appointment; and he and Mr. Bennet spent
the morning together, as had been agreed on. The latter was much more
agreeable than his companion expected. There was nothing of presumption
or folly in Bingley that could provoke his ridicule, or disgust him into
silence; and he was more communicative, and less eccentric, than the
other had ever seen him. Bingley of course returned with him to dinner;
and in the evening Mrs. Bennet's invention was again at work to get
every body away from him and her daughter. Elizabeth, who had a letter
to write, went into the breakfast room for that purpose soon after tea;
for as the others were all going to sit down to cards, she could not be
wanted to counteract her mother's schemes.

But on returning to the drawing-room, when her letter was finished, she
saw, to her infinite surprise, there was reason to fear that her mother
had been too ingenious for her. On opening the door, she perceived her
sister and Bingley standing together over the hearth, as if engaged in
earnest conversation; and had this led to no suspicion, the faces of
both, as they hastily turned round and moved away from each other, would
have told it all. Their situation was awkward enough; but _hers_ she
thought was still worse. Not a syllable was uttered by either; and
Elizabeth was on the point of going away again, when Bingley, who as
well as the other had sat down, suddenly rose, and whispering a few
words to her sister, ran out of the room.

Jane could have no reserves from Elizabeth, where confidence would give
pleasure; and instantly embracing her, acknowledged, with the liveliest
emotion, that she was the happiest creature in the world.

“'Tis too much!” she added, “by far too much. I do not deserve it. Oh!
why is not everybody as happy?”

Elizabeth's congratulations were given with a sincerity, a warmth,
a delight, which words could but poorly express. Every sentence of
kindness was a fresh source of happiness to Jane. But she would not
allow herself to stay with her sister, or say half that remained to be
said for the present.

“I must go instantly to my mother;” she cried. “I would not on any
account trifle with her affectionate solicitude; or allow her to hear it
from anyone but myself. He is gone to my father already. Oh! Lizzy, to
know that what I have to relate will give such pleasure to all my dear
family! how shall I bear so much happiness!”

She then hastened away to her mother, who had purposely broken up the
card party, and was sitting up stairs with Kitty.

Elizabeth, who was left by herself, now smiled at the rapidity and ease
with which an affair was finally settled, that had given them so many
previous months of suspense and vexation.

“And this,” said she, “is the end of all his friend's anxious
circumspection! of all his sister's falsehood and contrivance! the
happiest, wisest, most reasonable end!”

In a few minutes she was joined by Bingley, whose conference with her
father had been short and to the purpose.

“Where is your sister?” said he hastily, as he opened the door.

“With my mother up stairs. She will be down in a moment, I dare say.”

He then shut the door, and, coming up to her, claimed the good wishes
and affection of a sister. Elizabeth honestly and heartily expressed
her delight in the prospect of their relationship. They shook hands with
great cordiality; and then, till her sister came down, she had to listen
to all he had to say of his own happiness, and of Jane's perfections;
and in spite of his being a lover, Elizabeth really believed all his
expectations of felicity to be rationally founded, because they had for
basis the excellent understanding, and super-excellent disposition of
Jane, and a general similarity of feeling and taste between her and
himself.

It was an evening of no common delight to them all; the satisfaction of
Miss Bennet's mind gave a glow of such sweet animation to her face, as
made her look handsomer than ever. Kitty simpered and smiled, and hoped
her turn was coming soon. Mrs. Bennet could not give her consent or
speak her approbation in terms warm enough to satisfy her feelings,
though she talked to Bingley of nothing else for half an hour; and when
Mr. Bennet joined them at supper, his voice and manner plainly showed
how really happy he was.

Not a word, however, passed his lips in allusion to it, till their
visitor took his leave for the night; but as soon as he was gone, he
turned to his daughter, and said:

“Jane, I congratulate you. You will be a very happy woman.”

Jane went to him instantly, kissed him, and thanked him for his
goodness.

“You are a good girl;” he replied, “and I have great pleasure in
thinking you will be so happily settled. I have not a doubt of your
doing very well together. Your tempers are by no means unlike. You are
each of you so complying, that nothing will ever be resolved on; so
easy, that every servant will cheat you; and so generous, that you will
always exceed your income.”

“I hope not so. Imprudence or thoughtlessness in money matters would be
unpardonable in me.”

“Exceed their income! My dear Mr. Bennet,” cried his wife, “what are you
talking of? Why, he has four or five thousand a year, and very likely
more.” Then addressing her daughter, “Oh! my dear, dear Jane, I am so
happy! I am sure I shan't get a wink of sleep all night. I knew how it
would be. I always said it must be so, at last. I was sure you could not
be so beautiful for nothing! I remember, as soon as ever I saw him, when
he first came into Hertfordshire last year, I thought how likely it was
that you should come together. Oh! he is the handsomest young man that
ever was seen!”

Wickham, Lydia, were all forgotten. Jane was beyond competition her
favourite child. At that moment, she cared for no other. Her younger
sisters soon began to make interest with her for objects of happiness
which she might in future be able to dispense.

Mary petitioned for the use of the library at Netherfield; and Kitty
begged very hard for a few balls there every winter.

Bingley, from this time, was of course a daily visitor at Longbourn;
coming frequently before breakfast, and always remaining till after
supper; unless when some barbarous neighbour, who could not be enough
detested, had given him an invitation to dinner which he thought himself
obliged to accept.

Elizabeth had now but little time for conversation with her sister; for
while he was present, Jane had no attention to bestow on anyone else;
but she found herself considerably useful to both of them in those hours
of separation that must sometimes occur. In the absence of Jane, he
always attached himself to Elizabeth, for the pleasure of talking of
her; and when Bingley was gone, Jane constantly sought the same means of
relief.

“He has made me so happy,” said she, one evening, “by telling me that he
was totally ignorant of my being in town last spring! I had not believed
it possible.”

“I suspected as much,” replied Elizabeth. “But how did he account for
it?”

“It must have been his sister's doing. They were certainly no friends to
his acquaintance with me, which I cannot wonder at, since he might have
chosen so much more advantageously in many respects. But when they see,
as I trust they will, that their brother is happy with me, they will
learn to be contented, and we shall be on good terms again; though we
can never be what we once were to each other.”

“That is the most unforgiving speech,” said Elizabeth, “that I ever
heard you utter. Good girl! It would vex me, indeed, to see you again
the dupe of Miss Bingley's pretended regard.”

“Would you believe it, Lizzy, that when he went to town last November,
he really loved me, and nothing but a persuasion of _my_ being
indifferent would have prevented his coming down again!”

“He made a little mistake to be sure; but it is to the credit of his
modesty.”

This naturally introduced a panegyric from Jane on his diffidence, and
the little value he put on his own good qualities. Elizabeth was pleased
to find that he had not betrayed the interference of his friend; for,
though Jane had the most generous and forgiving heart in the world, she
knew it was a circumstance which must prejudice her against him.

“I am certainly the most fortunate creature that ever existed!” cried
Jane. “Oh! Lizzy, why am I thus singled from my family, and blessed
above them all! If I could but see _you_ as happy! If there _were_ but
such another man for you!”

“If you were to give me forty such men, I never could be so happy as
you. Till I have your disposition, your goodness, I never can have your
happiness. No, no, let me shift for myself; and, perhaps, if I have very
good luck, I may meet with another Mr. Collins in time.”

The situation of affairs in the Longbourn family could not be long a
secret. Mrs. Bennet was privileged to whisper it to Mrs. Phillips,
and she ventured, without any permission, to do the same by all her
neighbours in Meryton.

The Bennets were speedily pronounced to be the luckiest family in the
world, though only a few weeks before, when Lydia had first run away,
they had been generally proved to be marked out for misfortune.



Chapter 56


One morning, about a week after Bingley's engagement with Jane had been
formed, as he and the females of the family were sitting together in the
dining-room, their attention was suddenly drawn to the window, by the
sound of a carriage; and they perceived a chaise and four driving up
the lawn. It was too early in the morning for visitors, and besides, the
equipage did not answer to that of any of their neighbours. The horses
were post; and neither the carriage, nor the livery of the servant who
preceded it, were familiar to them. As it was certain, however, that
somebody was coming, Bingley instantly prevailed on Miss Bennet to avoid
the confinement of such an intrusion, and walk away with him into the
shrubbery. They both set off, and the conjectures of the remaining three
continued, though with little satisfaction, till the door was thrown
open and their visitor entered. It was Lady Catherine de Bourgh.

They were of course all intending to be surprised; but their
astonishment was beyond their expectation; and on the part of Mrs.
Bennet and Kitty, though she was perfectly unknown to them, even
inferior to what Elizabeth felt.

She entered the room with an air more than usually ungracious, made no
other reply to Elizabeth's salutation than a slight inclination of the
head, and sat down without saying a word. Elizabeth had mentioned her
name to her mother on her ladyship's entrance, though no request of
introduction had been made.

Mrs. Bennet, all amazement, though flattered by having a guest of such
high importance, received her with the utmost politeness. After sitting
for a moment in silence, she said very stiffly to Elizabeth,

“I hope you are well, Miss Bennet. That lady, I suppose, is your
mother.”

Elizabeth replied very concisely that she was.

“And _that_ I suppose is one of your sisters.”

“Yes, madam,” said Mrs. Bennet, delighted to speak to Lady Catherine.
“She is my youngest girl but one. My youngest of all is lately married,
and my eldest is somewhere about the grounds, walking with a young man
who, I believe, will soon become a part of the family.”

“You have a very small park here,” returned Lady Catherine after a short
silence.

“It is nothing in comparison of Rosings, my lady, I dare say; but I
assure you it is much larger than Sir William Lucas's.”

“This must be a most inconvenient sitting room for the evening, in
summer; the windows are full west.”

Mrs. Bennet assured her that they never sat there after dinner, and then
added:

“May I take the liberty of asking your ladyship whether you left Mr. and
Mrs. Collins well.”

“Yes, very well. I saw them the night before last.”

Elizabeth now expected that she would produce a letter for her from
Charlotte, as it seemed the only probable motive for her calling. But no
letter appeared, and she was completely puzzled.

Mrs. Bennet, with great civility, begged her ladyship to take some
refreshment; but Lady Catherine very resolutely, and not very politely,
declined eating anything; and then, rising up, said to Elizabeth,

“Miss Bennet, there seemed to be a prettyish kind of a little wilderness
on one side of your lawn. I should be glad to take a turn in it, if you
will favour me with your company.”

“Go, my dear,” cried her mother, “and show her ladyship about the
different walks. I think she will be pleased with the hermitage.”

Elizabeth obeyed, and running into her own room for her parasol,
attended her noble guest downstairs. As they passed through the
hall, Lady Catherine opened the doors into the dining-parlour and
drawing-room, and pronouncing them, after a short survey, to be decent
looking rooms, walked on.

Her carriage remained at the door, and Elizabeth saw that her
waiting-woman was in it. They proceeded in silence along the gravel walk
that led to the copse; Elizabeth was determined to make no effort for
conversation with a woman who was now more than usually insolent and
disagreeable.

“How could I ever think her like her nephew?” said she, as she looked in
her face.

As soon as they entered the copse, Lady Catherine began in the following
manner:--

“You can be at no loss, Miss Bennet, to understand the reason of my
journey hither. Your own heart, your own conscience, must tell you why I
come.”

Elizabeth looked with unaffected astonishment.

“Indeed, you are mistaken, Madam. I have not been at all able to account
for the honour of seeing you here.”

“Miss Bennet,” replied her ladyship, in an angry tone, “you ought to
know, that I am not to be trifled with. But however insincere _you_ may
choose to be, you shall not find _me_ so. My character has ever been
celebrated for its sincerity and frankness, and in a cause of such
moment as this, I shall certainly not depart from it. A report of a most
alarming nature reached me two days ago. I was told that not only your
sister was on the point of being most advantageously married, but that
you, that Miss Elizabeth Bennet, would, in all likelihood, be soon
afterwards united to my nephew, my own nephew, Mr. Darcy. Though I
_know_ it must be a scandalous falsehood, though I would not injure him
so much as to suppose the truth of it possible, I instantly resolved
on setting off for this place, that I might make my sentiments known to
you.”

“If you believed it impossible to be true,” said Elizabeth, colouring
with astonishment and disdain, “I wonder you took the trouble of coming
so far. What could your ladyship propose by it?”

“At once to insist upon having such a report universally contradicted.”

“Your coming to Longbourn, to see me and my family,” said Elizabeth
coolly, “will be rather a confirmation of it; if, indeed, such a report
is in existence.”

“If! Do you then pretend to be ignorant of it? Has it not been
industriously circulated by yourselves? Do you not know that such a
report is spread abroad?”

“I never heard that it was.”

“And can you likewise declare, that there is no foundation for it?”

“I do not pretend to possess equal frankness with your ladyship. You may
ask questions which I shall not choose to answer.”

“This is not to be borne. Miss Bennet, I insist on being satisfied. Has
he, has my nephew, made you an offer of marriage?”

“Your ladyship has declared it to be impossible.”

“It ought to be so; it must be so, while he retains the use of his
reason. But your arts and allurements may, in a moment of infatuation,
have made him forget what he owes to himself and to all his family. You
may have drawn him in.”

“If I have, I shall be the last person to confess it.”

“Miss Bennet, do you know who I am? I have not been accustomed to such
language as this. I am almost the nearest relation he has in the world,
and am entitled to know all his dearest concerns.”

“But you are not entitled to know mine; nor will such behaviour as this,
ever induce me to be explicit.”

“Let me be rightly understood. This match, to which you have the
presumption to aspire, can never take place. No, never. Mr. Darcy is
engaged to my daughter. Now what have you to say?”

“Only this; that if he is so, you can have no reason to suppose he will
make an offer to me.”

Lady Catherine hesitated for a moment, and then replied:

“The engagement between them is of a peculiar kind. From their infancy,
they have been intended for each other. It was the favourite wish of
_his_ mother, as well as of hers. While in their cradles, we planned
the union: and now, at the moment when the wishes of both sisters would
be accomplished in their marriage, to be prevented by a young woman of
inferior birth, of no importance in the world, and wholly unallied to
the family! Do you pay no regard to the wishes of his friends? To his
tacit engagement with Miss de Bourgh? Are you lost to every feeling of
propriety and delicacy? Have you not heard me say that from his earliest
hours he was destined for his cousin?”

“Yes, and I had heard it before. But what is that to me? If there is
no other objection to my marrying your nephew, I shall certainly not
be kept from it by knowing that his mother and aunt wished him to
marry Miss de Bourgh. You both did as much as you could in planning the
marriage. Its completion depended on others. If Mr. Darcy is neither
by honour nor inclination confined to his cousin, why is not he to make
another choice? And if I am that choice, why may not I accept him?”

“Because honour, decorum, prudence, nay, interest, forbid it. Yes,
Miss Bennet, interest; for do not expect to be noticed by his family or
friends, if you wilfully act against the inclinations of all. You will
be censured, slighted, and despised, by everyone connected with him.
Your alliance will be a disgrace; your name will never even be mentioned
by any of us.”

“These are heavy misfortunes,” replied Elizabeth. “But the wife of Mr.
Darcy must have such extraordinary sources of happiness necessarily
attached to her situation, that she could, upon the whole, have no cause
to repine.”

“Obstinate, headstrong girl! I am ashamed of you! Is this your gratitude
for my attentions to you last spring? Is nothing due to me on that
score? Let us sit down. You are to understand, Miss Bennet, that I came
here with the determined resolution of carrying my purpose; nor will
I be dissuaded from it. I have not been used to submit to any person's
whims. I have not been in the habit of brooking disappointment.”

“_That_ will make your ladyship's situation at present more pitiable;
but it will have no effect on me.”

“I will not be interrupted. Hear me in silence. My daughter and my
nephew are formed for each other. They are descended, on the maternal
side, from the same noble line; and, on the father's, from respectable,
honourable, and ancient--though untitled--families. Their fortune on
both sides is splendid. They are destined for each other by the voice of
every member of their respective houses; and what is to divide them?
The upstart pretensions of a young woman without family, connections,
or fortune. Is this to be endured! But it must not, shall not be. If you
were sensible of your own good, you would not wish to quit the sphere in
which you have been brought up.”

“In marrying your nephew, I should not consider myself as quitting that
sphere. He is a gentleman; I am a gentleman's daughter; so far we are
equal.”

“True. You _are_ a gentleman's daughter. But who was your mother?
Who are your uncles and aunts? Do not imagine me ignorant of their
condition.”

“Whatever my connections may be,” said Elizabeth, “if your nephew does
not object to them, they can be nothing to _you_.”

“Tell me once for all, are you engaged to him?”

Though Elizabeth would not, for the mere purpose of obliging Lady
Catherine, have answered this question, she could not but say, after a
moment's deliberation:

“I am not.”

Lady Catherine seemed pleased.

“And will you promise me, never to enter into such an engagement?”

“I will make no promise of the kind.”

“Miss Bennet I am shocked and astonished. I expected to find a more
reasonable young woman. But do not deceive yourself into a belief that
I will ever recede. I shall not go away till you have given me the
assurance I require.”

“And I certainly _never_ shall give it. I am not to be intimidated into
anything so wholly unreasonable. Your ladyship wants Mr. Darcy to marry
your daughter; but would my giving you the wished-for promise make their
marriage at all more probable? Supposing him to be attached to me, would
my refusing to accept his hand make him wish to bestow it on his cousin?
Allow me to say, Lady Catherine, that the arguments with which you have
supported this extraordinary application have been as frivolous as the
application was ill-judged. You have widely mistaken my character, if
you think I can be worked on by such persuasions as these. How far your
nephew might approve of your interference in his affairs, I cannot tell;
but you have certainly no right to concern yourself in mine. I must beg,
therefore, to be importuned no farther on the subject.”

“Not so hasty, if you please. I have by no means done. To all the
objections I have already urged, I have still another to add. I am
no stranger to the particulars of your youngest sister's infamous
elopement. I know it all; that the young man's marrying her was a
patched-up business, at the expence of your father and uncles. And is
such a girl to be my nephew's sister? Is her husband, is the son of his
late father's steward, to be his brother? Heaven and earth!--of what are
you thinking? Are the shades of Pemberley to be thus polluted?”

“You can now have nothing further to say,” she resentfully answered.
“You have insulted me in every possible method. I must beg to return to
the house.”

And she rose as she spoke. Lady Catherine rose also, and they turned
back. Her ladyship was highly incensed.

“You have no regard, then, for the honour and credit of my nephew!
Unfeeling, selfish girl! Do you not consider that a connection with you
must disgrace him in the eyes of everybody?”

“Lady Catherine, I have nothing further to say. You know my sentiments.”

“You are then resolved to have him?”

“I have said no such thing. I am only resolved to act in that manner,
which will, in my own opinion, constitute my happiness, without
reference to _you_, or to any person so wholly unconnected with me.”

“It is well. You refuse, then, to oblige me. You refuse to obey the
claims of duty, honour, and gratitude. You are determined to ruin him in
the opinion of all his friends, and make him the contempt of the world.”

“Neither duty, nor honour, nor gratitude,” replied Elizabeth, “have any
possible claim on me, in the present instance. No principle of either
would be violated by my marriage with Mr. Darcy. And with regard to the
resentment of his family, or the indignation of the world, if the former
_were_ excited by his marrying me, it would not give me one moment's
concern--and the world in general would have too much sense to join in
the scorn.”

“And this is your real opinion! This is your final resolve! Very well.
I shall now know how to act. Do not imagine, Miss Bennet, that your
ambition will ever be gratified. I came to try you. I hoped to find you
reasonable; but, depend upon it, I will carry my point.”

In this manner Lady Catherine talked on, till they were at the door of
the carriage, when, turning hastily round, she added, “I take no leave
of you, Miss Bennet. I send no compliments to your mother. You deserve
no such attention. I am most seriously displeased.”

Elizabeth made no answer; and without attempting to persuade her
ladyship to return into the house, walked quietly into it herself. She
heard the carriage drive away as she proceeded up stairs. Her mother
impatiently met her at the door of the dressing-room, to ask why Lady
Catherine would not come in again and rest herself.

“She did not choose it,” said her daughter, “she would go.”

“She is a very fine-looking woman! and her calling here was prodigiously
civil! for she only came, I suppose, to tell us the Collinses were
well. She is on her road somewhere, I dare say, and so, passing through
Meryton, thought she might as well call on you. I suppose she had
nothing particular to say to you, Lizzy?”

Elizabeth was forced to give into a little falsehood here; for to
acknowledge the substance of their conversation was impossible.



Chapter 57


The discomposure of spirits which this extraordinary visit threw
Elizabeth into, could not be easily overcome; nor could she, for many
hours, learn to think of it less than incessantly. Lady Catherine, it
appeared, had actually taken the trouble of this journey from Rosings,
for the sole purpose of breaking off her supposed engagement with Mr.
Darcy. It was a rational scheme, to be sure! but from what the report
of their engagement could originate, Elizabeth was at a loss to imagine;
till she recollected that _his_ being the intimate friend of Bingley,
and _her_ being the sister of Jane, was enough, at a time when the
expectation of one wedding made everybody eager for another, to supply
the idea. She had not herself forgotten to feel that the marriage of her
sister must bring them more frequently together. And her neighbours
at Lucas Lodge, therefore (for through their communication with the
Collinses, the report, she concluded, had reached Lady Catherine), had
only set that down as almost certain and immediate, which she had looked
forward to as possible at some future time.

In revolving Lady Catherine's expressions, however, she could not help
feeling some uneasiness as to the possible consequence of her persisting
in this interference. From what she had said of her resolution to
prevent their marriage, it occurred to Elizabeth that she must meditate
an application to her nephew; and how _he_ might take a similar
representation of the evils attached to a connection with her, she dared
not pronounce. She knew not the exact degree of his affection for his
aunt, or his dependence on her judgment, but it was natural to suppose
that he thought much higher of her ladyship than _she_ could do; and it
was certain that, in enumerating the miseries of a marriage with _one_,
whose immediate connections were so unequal to his own, his aunt would
address him on his weakest side. With his notions of dignity, he would
probably feel that the arguments, which to Elizabeth had appeared weak
and ridiculous, contained much good sense and solid reasoning.

If he had been wavering before as to what he should do, which had often
seemed likely, the advice and entreaty of so near a relation might
settle every doubt, and determine him at once to be as happy as dignity
unblemished could make him. In that case he would return no more. Lady
Catherine might see him in her way through town; and his engagement to
Bingley of coming again to Netherfield must give way.

“If, therefore, an excuse for not keeping his promise should come to his
friend within a few days,” she added, “I shall know how to understand
it. I shall then give over every expectation, every wish of his
constancy. If he is satisfied with only regretting me, when he might
have obtained my affections and hand, I shall soon cease to regret him
at all.”

                          * * * * *

The surprise of the rest of the family, on hearing who their visitor had
been, was very great; but they obligingly satisfied it, with the same
kind of supposition which had appeased Mrs. Bennet's curiosity; and
Elizabeth was spared from much teasing on the subject.

The next morning, as she was going downstairs, she was met by her
father, who came out of his library with a letter in his hand.

“Lizzy,” said he, “I was going to look for you; come into my room.”

She followed him thither; and her curiosity to know what he had to
tell her was heightened by the supposition of its being in some manner
connected with the letter he held. It suddenly struck her that it
might be from Lady Catherine; and she anticipated with dismay all the
consequent explanations.

She followed her father to the fire place, and they both sat down. He
then said,

“I have received a letter this morning that has astonished me
exceedingly. As it principally concerns yourself, you ought to know its
contents. I did not know before, that I had two daughters on the brink
of matrimony. Let me congratulate you on a very important conquest.”

The colour now rushed into Elizabeth's cheeks in the instantaneous
conviction of its being a letter from the nephew, instead of the aunt;
and she was undetermined whether most to be pleased that he explained
himself at all, or offended that his letter was not rather addressed to
herself; when her father continued:

“You look conscious. Young ladies have great penetration in such matters
as these; but I think I may defy even _your_ sagacity, to discover the
name of your admirer. This letter is from Mr. Collins.”

“From Mr. Collins! and what can _he_ have to say?”

“Something very much to the purpose of course. He begins with
congratulations on the approaching nuptials of my eldest daughter, of
which, it seems, he has been told by some of the good-natured, gossiping
Lucases. I shall not sport with your impatience, by reading what he says
on that point. What relates to yourself, is as follows: 'Having thus
offered you the sincere congratulations of Mrs. Collins and myself on
this happy event, let me now add a short hint on the subject of another;
of which we have been advertised by the same authority. Your daughter
Elizabeth, it is presumed, will not long bear the name of Bennet, after
her elder sister has resigned it, and the chosen partner of her fate may
be reasonably looked up to as one of the most illustrious personages in
this land.'

“Can you possibly guess, Lizzy, who is meant by this? 'This young
gentleman is blessed, in a peculiar way, with every thing the heart of
mortal can most desire,--splendid property, noble kindred, and extensive
patronage. Yet in spite of all these temptations, let me warn my cousin
Elizabeth, and yourself, of what evils you may incur by a precipitate
closure with this gentleman's proposals, which, of course, you will be
inclined to take immediate advantage of.'

“Have you any idea, Lizzy, who this gentleman is? But now it comes out:

“'My motive for cautioning you is as follows. We have reason to imagine
that his aunt, Lady Catherine de Bourgh, does not look on the match with
a friendly eye.'

“_Mr. Darcy_, you see, is the man! Now, Lizzy, I think I _have_
surprised you. Could he, or the Lucases, have pitched on any man within
the circle of our acquaintance, whose name would have given the lie
more effectually to what they related? Mr. Darcy, who never looks at any
woman but to see a blemish, and who probably never looked at you in his
life! It is admirable!”

Elizabeth tried to join in her father's pleasantry, but could only force
one most reluctant smile. Never had his wit been directed in a manner so
little agreeable to her.

“Are you not diverted?”

“Oh! yes. Pray read on.”

“'After mentioning the likelihood of this marriage to her ladyship last
night, she immediately, with her usual condescension, expressed what she
felt on the occasion; when it became apparent, that on the score of some
family objections on the part of my cousin, she would never give her
consent to what she termed so disgraceful a match. I thought it my duty
to give the speediest intelligence of this to my cousin, that she and
her noble admirer may be aware of what they are about, and not run
hastily into a marriage which has not been properly sanctioned.' Mr.
Collins moreover adds, 'I am truly rejoiced that my cousin Lydia's sad
business has been so well hushed up, and am only concerned that their
living together before the marriage took place should be so generally
known. I must not, however, neglect the duties of my station, or refrain
from declaring my amazement at hearing that you received the young
couple into your house as soon as they were married. It was an
encouragement of vice; and had I been the rector of Longbourn, I should
very strenuously have opposed it. You ought certainly to forgive them,
as a Christian, but never to admit them in your sight, or allow their
names to be mentioned in your hearing.' That is his notion of Christian
forgiveness! The rest of his letter is only about his dear Charlotte's
situation, and his expectation of a young olive-branch. But, Lizzy, you
look as if you did not enjoy it. You are not going to be _missish_,
I hope, and pretend to be affronted at an idle report. For what do we
live, but to make sport for our neighbours, and laugh at them in our
turn?”

“Oh!” cried Elizabeth, “I am excessively diverted. But it is so
strange!”

“Yes--_that_ is what makes it amusing. Had they fixed on any other man
it would have been nothing; but _his_ perfect indifference, and _your_
pointed dislike, make it so delightfully absurd! Much as I abominate
writing, I would not give up Mr. Collins's correspondence for any
consideration. Nay, when I read a letter of his, I cannot help giving
him the preference even over Wickham, much as I value the impudence and
hypocrisy of my son-in-law. And pray, Lizzy, what said Lady Catherine
about this report? Did she call to refuse her consent?”

To this question his daughter replied only with a laugh; and as it had
been asked without the least suspicion, she was not distressed by
his repeating it. Elizabeth had never been more at a loss to make her
feelings appear what they were not. It was necessary to laugh, when she
would rather have cried. Her father had most cruelly mortified her, by
what he said of Mr. Darcy's indifference, and she could do nothing but
wonder at such a want of penetration, or fear that perhaps, instead of
his seeing too little, she might have fancied too much.



Chapter 58


Instead of receiving any such letter of excuse from his friend, as
Elizabeth half expected Mr. Bingley to do, he was able to bring Darcy
with him to Longbourn before many days had passed after Lady Catherine's
visit. The gentlemen arrived early; and, before Mrs. Bennet had time
to tell him of their having seen his aunt, of which her daughter sat
in momentary dread, Bingley, who wanted to be alone with Jane, proposed
their all walking out. It was agreed to. Mrs. Bennet was not in the
habit of walking; Mary could never spare time; but the remaining five
set off together. Bingley and Jane, however, soon allowed the others
to outstrip them. They lagged behind, while Elizabeth, Kitty, and Darcy
were to entertain each other. Very little was said by either; Kitty
was too much afraid of him to talk; Elizabeth was secretly forming a
desperate resolution; and perhaps he might be doing the same.

They walked towards the Lucases, because Kitty wished to call upon
Maria; and as Elizabeth saw no occasion for making it a general concern,
when Kitty left them she went boldly on with him alone. Now was the
moment for her resolution to be executed, and, while her courage was
high, she immediately said:

“Mr. Darcy, I am a very selfish creature; and, for the sake of giving
relief to my own feelings, care not how much I may be wounding yours. I
can no longer help thanking you for your unexampled kindness to my
poor sister. Ever since I have known it, I have been most anxious to
acknowledge to you how gratefully I feel it. Were it known to the rest
of my family, I should not have merely my own gratitude to express.”

“I am sorry, exceedingly sorry,” replied Darcy, in a tone of surprise
and emotion, “that you have ever been informed of what may, in a
mistaken light, have given you uneasiness. I did not think Mrs. Gardiner
was so little to be trusted.”

“You must not blame my aunt. Lydia's thoughtlessness first betrayed to
me that you had been concerned in the matter; and, of course, I could
not rest till I knew the particulars. Let me thank you again and again,
in the name of all my family, for that generous compassion which induced
you to take so much trouble, and bear so many mortifications, for the
sake of discovering them.”

“If you _will_ thank me,” he replied, “let it be for yourself alone.
That the wish of giving happiness to you might add force to the other
inducements which led me on, I shall not attempt to deny. But your
_family_ owe me nothing. Much as I respect them, I believe I thought
only of _you_.”

Elizabeth was too much embarrassed to say a word. After a short pause,
her companion added, “You are too generous to trifle with me. If your
feelings are still what they were last April, tell me so at once. _My_
affections and wishes are unchanged, but one word from you will silence
me on this subject for ever.”

Elizabeth, feeling all the more than common awkwardness and anxiety of
his situation, now forced herself to speak; and immediately, though not
very fluently, gave him to understand that her sentiments had undergone
so material a change, since the period to which he alluded, as to make
her receive with gratitude and pleasure his present assurances. The
happiness which this reply produced, was such as he had probably never
felt before; and he expressed himself on the occasion as sensibly and as
warmly as a man violently in love can be supposed to do. Had Elizabeth
been able to encounter his eye, she might have seen how well the
expression of heartfelt delight, diffused over his face, became him;
but, though she could not look, she could listen, and he told her of
feelings, which, in proving of what importance she was to him, made his
affection every moment more valuable.

They walked on, without knowing in what direction. There was too much to
be thought, and felt, and said, for attention to any other objects. She
soon learnt that they were indebted for their present good understanding
to the efforts of his aunt, who did call on him in her return through
London, and there relate her journey to Longbourn, its motive, and the
substance of her conversation with Elizabeth; dwelling emphatically on
every expression of the latter which, in her ladyship's apprehension,
peculiarly denoted her perverseness and assurance; in the belief that
such a relation must assist her endeavours to obtain that promise
from her nephew which she had refused to give. But, unluckily for her
ladyship, its effect had been exactly contrariwise.

“It taught me to hope,” said he, “as I had scarcely ever allowed myself
to hope before. I knew enough of your disposition to be certain that,
had you been absolutely, irrevocably decided against me, you would have
acknowledged it to Lady Catherine, frankly and openly.”

Elizabeth coloured and laughed as she replied, “Yes, you know enough
of my frankness to believe me capable of _that_. After abusing you so
abominably to your face, I could have no scruple in abusing you to all
your relations.”

“What did you say of me, that I did not deserve? For, though your
accusations were ill-founded, formed on mistaken premises, my
behaviour to you at the time had merited the severest reproof. It was
unpardonable. I cannot think of it without abhorrence.”

“We will not quarrel for the greater share of blame annexed to that
evening,” said Elizabeth. “The conduct of neither, if strictly examined,
will be irreproachable; but since then, we have both, I hope, improved
in civility.”

“I cannot be so easily reconciled to myself. The recollection of what I
then said, of my conduct, my manners, my expressions during the whole of
it, is now, and has been many months, inexpressibly painful to me. Your
reproof, so well applied, I shall never forget: 'had you behaved in a
more gentlemanlike manner.' Those were your words. You know not, you can
scarcely conceive, how they have tortured me;--though it was some time,
I confess, before I was reasonable enough to allow their justice.”

“I was certainly very far from expecting them to make so strong an
impression. I had not the smallest idea of their being ever felt in such
a way.”

“I can easily believe it. You thought me then devoid of every proper
feeling, I am sure you did. The turn of your countenance I shall never
forget, as you said that I could not have addressed you in any possible
way that would induce you to accept me.”

“Oh! do not repeat what I then said. These recollections will not do at
all. I assure you that I have long been most heartily ashamed of it.”

Darcy mentioned his letter. “Did it,” said he, “did it soon make you
think better of me? Did you, on reading it, give any credit to its
contents?”

She explained what its effect on her had been, and how gradually all her
former prejudices had been removed.

“I knew,” said he, “that what I wrote must give you pain, but it was
necessary. I hope you have destroyed the letter. There was one part
especially, the opening of it, which I should dread your having the
power of reading again. I can remember some expressions which might
justly make you hate me.”

“The letter shall certainly be burnt, if you believe it essential to the
preservation of my regard; but, though we have both reason to think my
opinions not entirely unalterable, they are not, I hope, quite so easily
changed as that implies.”

“When I wrote that letter,” replied Darcy, “I believed myself perfectly
calm and cool, but I am since convinced that it was written in a
dreadful bitterness of spirit.”

“The letter, perhaps, began in bitterness, but it did not end so. The
adieu is charity itself. But think no more of the letter. The feelings
of the person who wrote, and the person who received it, are now
so widely different from what they were then, that every unpleasant
circumstance attending it ought to be forgotten. You must learn some
of my philosophy. Think only of the past as its remembrance gives you
pleasure.”

“I cannot give you credit for any philosophy of the kind. Your
retrospections must be so totally void of reproach, that the contentment
arising from them is not of philosophy, but, what is much better, of
innocence. But with me, it is not so. Painful recollections will intrude
which cannot, which ought not, to be repelled. I have been a selfish
being all my life, in practice, though not in principle. As a child I
was taught what was right, but I was not taught to correct my temper. I
was given good principles, but left to follow them in pride and conceit.
Unfortunately an only son (for many years an only child), I was spoilt
by my parents, who, though good themselves (my father, particularly, all
that was benevolent and amiable), allowed, encouraged, almost taught
me to be selfish and overbearing; to care for none beyond my own family
circle; to think meanly of all the rest of the world; to wish at least
to think meanly of their sense and worth compared with my own. Such I
was, from eight to eight and twenty; and such I might still have been
but for you, dearest, loveliest Elizabeth! What do I not owe you! You
taught me a lesson, hard indeed at first, but most advantageous. By you,
I was properly humbled. I came to you without a doubt of my reception.
You showed me how insufficient were all my pretensions to please a woman
worthy of being pleased.”

“Had you then persuaded yourself that I should?”

“Indeed I had. What will you think of my vanity? I believed you to be
wishing, expecting my addresses.”

“My manners must have been in fault, but not intentionally, I assure
you. I never meant to deceive you, but my spirits might often lead me
wrong. How you must have hated me after _that_ evening?”

“Hate you! I was angry perhaps at first, but my anger soon began to take
a proper direction.”

“I am almost afraid of asking what you thought of me, when we met at
Pemberley. You blamed me for coming?”

“No indeed; I felt nothing but surprise.”

“Your surprise could not be greater than _mine_ in being noticed by you.
My conscience told me that I deserved no extraordinary politeness, and I
confess that I did not expect to receive _more_ than my due.”

“My object then,” replied Darcy, “was to show you, by every civility in
my power, that I was not so mean as to resent the past; and I hoped to
obtain your forgiveness, to lessen your ill opinion, by letting you
see that your reproofs had been attended to. How soon any other wishes
introduced themselves I can hardly tell, but I believe in about half an
hour after I had seen you.”

He then told her of Georgiana's delight in her acquaintance, and of her
disappointment at its sudden interruption; which naturally leading to
the cause of that interruption, she soon learnt that his resolution of
following her from Derbyshire in quest of her sister had been formed
before he quitted the inn, and that his gravity and thoughtfulness
there had arisen from no other struggles than what such a purpose must
comprehend.

She expressed her gratitude again, but it was too painful a subject to
each, to be dwelt on farther.

After walking several miles in a leisurely manner, and too busy to know
anything about it, they found at last, on examining their watches, that
it was time to be at home.

“What could become of Mr. Bingley and Jane!” was a wonder which
introduced the discussion of their affairs. Darcy was delighted with
their engagement; his friend had given him the earliest information of
it.

“I must ask whether you were surprised?” said Elizabeth.

“Not at all. When I went away, I felt that it would soon happen.”

“That is to say, you had given your permission. I guessed as much.” And
though he exclaimed at the term, she found that it had been pretty much
the case.

“On the evening before my going to London,” said he, “I made a
confession to him, which I believe I ought to have made long ago. I
told him of all that had occurred to make my former interference in his
affairs absurd and impertinent. His surprise was great. He had never had
the slightest suspicion. I told him, moreover, that I believed myself
mistaken in supposing, as I had done, that your sister was indifferent
to him; and as I could easily perceive that his attachment to her was
unabated, I felt no doubt of their happiness together.”

Elizabeth could not help smiling at his easy manner of directing his
friend.

“Did you speak from your own observation,” said she, “when you told him
that my sister loved him, or merely from my information last spring?”

“From the former. I had narrowly observed her during the two visits
which I had lately made here; and I was convinced of her affection.”

“And your assurance of it, I suppose, carried immediate conviction to
him.”

“It did. Bingley is most unaffectedly modest. His diffidence had
prevented his depending on his own judgment in so anxious a case, but
his reliance on mine made every thing easy. I was obliged to confess
one thing, which for a time, and not unjustly, offended him. I could not
allow myself to conceal that your sister had been in town three months
last winter, that I had known it, and purposely kept it from him. He was
angry. But his anger, I am persuaded, lasted no longer than he remained
in any doubt of your sister's sentiments. He has heartily forgiven me
now.”

Elizabeth longed to observe that Mr. Bingley had been a most delightful
friend; so easily guided that his worth was invaluable; but she checked
herself. She remembered that he had yet to learn to be laughed at,
and it was rather too early to begin. In anticipating the happiness
of Bingley, which of course was to be inferior only to his own, he
continued the conversation till they reached the house. In the hall they
parted.



Chapter 59


“My dear Lizzy, where can you have been walking to?” was a question
which Elizabeth received from Jane as soon as she entered their room,
and from all the others when they sat down to table. She had only to
say in reply, that they had wandered about, till she was beyond her own
knowledge. She coloured as she spoke; but neither that, nor anything
else, awakened a suspicion of the truth.

The evening passed quietly, unmarked by anything extraordinary. The
acknowledged lovers talked and laughed, the unacknowledged were silent.
Darcy was not of a disposition in which happiness overflows in mirth;
and Elizabeth, agitated and confused, rather _knew_ that she was happy
than _felt_ herself to be so; for, besides the immediate embarrassment,
there were other evils before her. She anticipated what would be felt
in the family when her situation became known; she was aware that no
one liked him but Jane; and even feared that with the others it was a
dislike which not all his fortune and consequence might do away.

At night she opened her heart to Jane. Though suspicion was very far
from Miss Bennet's general habits, she was absolutely incredulous here.

“You are joking, Lizzy. This cannot be!--engaged to Mr. Darcy! No, no,
you shall not deceive me. I know it to be impossible.”

“This is a wretched beginning indeed! My sole dependence was on you; and
I am sure nobody else will believe me, if you do not. Yet, indeed, I am
in earnest. I speak nothing but the truth. He still loves me, and we are
engaged.”

Jane looked at her doubtingly. “Oh, Lizzy! it cannot be. I know how much
you dislike him.”

“You know nothing of the matter. _That_ is all to be forgot. Perhaps I
did not always love him so well as I do now. But in such cases as
these, a good memory is unpardonable. This is the last time I shall ever
remember it myself.”

Miss Bennet still looked all amazement. Elizabeth again, and more
seriously assured her of its truth.

“Good Heaven! can it be really so! Yet now I must believe you,” cried
Jane. “My dear, dear Lizzy, I would--I do congratulate you--but are you
certain? forgive the question--are you quite certain that you can be
happy with him?”

“There can be no doubt of that. It is settled between us already, that
we are to be the happiest couple in the world. But are you pleased,
Jane? Shall you like to have such a brother?”

“Very, very much. Nothing could give either Bingley or myself more
delight. But we considered it, we talked of it as impossible. And do you
really love him quite well enough? Oh, Lizzy! do anything rather than
marry without affection. Are you quite sure that you feel what you ought
to do?”

“Oh, yes! You will only think I feel _more_ than I ought to do, when I
tell you all.”

“What do you mean?”

“Why, I must confess that I love him better than I do Bingley. I am
afraid you will be angry.”

“My dearest sister, now _be_ serious. I want to talk very seriously. Let
me know every thing that I am to know, without delay. Will you tell me
how long you have loved him?”

“It has been coming on so gradually, that I hardly know when it began.
But I believe I must date it from my first seeing his beautiful grounds
at Pemberley.”

Another entreaty that she would be serious, however, produced the
desired effect; and she soon satisfied Jane by her solemn assurances
of attachment. When convinced on that article, Miss Bennet had nothing
further to wish.

“Now I am quite happy,” said she, “for you will be as happy as myself.
I always had a value for him. Were it for nothing but his love of you,
I must always have esteemed him; but now, as Bingley's friend and your
husband, there can be only Bingley and yourself more dear to me. But
Lizzy, you have been very sly, very reserved with me. How little did you
tell me of what passed at Pemberley and Lambton! I owe all that I know
of it to another, not to you.”

Elizabeth told her the motives of her secrecy. She had been unwilling
to mention Bingley; and the unsettled state of her own feelings had made
her equally avoid the name of his friend. But now she would no longer
conceal from her his share in Lydia's marriage. All was acknowledged,
and half the night spent in conversation.

                          * * * * *

“Good gracious!” cried Mrs. Bennet, as she stood at a window the next
morning, “if that disagreeable Mr. Darcy is not coming here again with
our dear Bingley! What can he mean by being so tiresome as to be always
coming here? I had no notion but he would go a-shooting, or something or
other, and not disturb us with his company. What shall we do with him?
Lizzy, you must walk out with him again, that he may not be in Bingley's
way.”

Elizabeth could hardly help laughing at so convenient a proposal; yet
was really vexed that her mother should be always giving him such an
epithet.

As soon as they entered, Bingley looked at her so expressively, and
shook hands with such warmth, as left no doubt of his good information;
and he soon afterwards said aloud, “Mrs. Bennet, have you no more lanes
hereabouts in which Lizzy may lose her way again to-day?”

“I advise Mr. Darcy, and Lizzy, and Kitty,” said Mrs. Bennet, “to walk
to Oakham Mount this morning. It is a nice long walk, and Mr. Darcy has
never seen the view.”

“It may do very well for the others,” replied Mr. Bingley; “but I am
sure it will be too much for Kitty. Won't it, Kitty?” Kitty owned that
she had rather stay at home. Darcy professed a great curiosity to see
the view from the Mount, and Elizabeth silently consented. As she went
up stairs to get ready, Mrs. Bennet followed her, saying:

“I am quite sorry, Lizzy, that you should be forced to have that
disagreeable man all to yourself. But I hope you will not mind it: it is
all for Jane's sake, you know; and there is no occasion for talking
to him, except just now and then. So, do not put yourself to
inconvenience.”

During their walk, it was resolved that Mr. Bennet's consent should be
asked in the course of the evening. Elizabeth reserved to herself the
application for her mother's. She could not determine how her mother
would take it; sometimes doubting whether all his wealth and grandeur
would be enough to overcome her abhorrence of the man. But whether she
were violently set against the match, or violently delighted with it, it
was certain that her manner would be equally ill adapted to do credit
to her sense; and she could no more bear that Mr. Darcy should hear
the first raptures of her joy, than the first vehemence of her
disapprobation.

                          * * * * *

In the evening, soon after Mr. Bennet withdrew to the library, she saw
Mr. Darcy rise also and follow him, and her agitation on seeing it was
extreme. She did not fear her father's opposition, but he was going to
be made unhappy; and that it should be through her means--that _she_,
his favourite child, should be distressing him by her choice, should be
filling him with fears and regrets in disposing of her--was a wretched
reflection, and she sat in misery till Mr. Darcy appeared again, when,
looking at him, she was a little relieved by his smile. In a few minutes
he approached the table where she was sitting with Kitty; and, while
pretending to admire her work said in a whisper, “Go to your father, he
wants you in the library.” She was gone directly.

Her father was walking about the room, looking grave and anxious.
“Lizzy,” said he, “what are you doing? Are you out of your senses, to be
accepting this man? Have not you always hated him?”

How earnestly did she then wish that her former opinions had been more
reasonable, her expressions more moderate! It would have spared her from
explanations and professions which it was exceedingly awkward to give;
but they were now necessary, and she assured him, with some confusion,
of her attachment to Mr. Darcy.

“Or, in other words, you are determined to have him. He is rich, to be
sure, and you may have more fine clothes and fine carriages than Jane.
But will they make you happy?”

“Have you any other objection,” said Elizabeth, “than your belief of my
indifference?”

“None at all. We all know him to be a proud, unpleasant sort of man; but
this would be nothing if you really liked him.”

“I do, I do like him,” she replied, with tears in her eyes, “I love him.
Indeed he has no improper pride. He is perfectly amiable. You do not
know what he really is; then pray do not pain me by speaking of him in
such terms.”

“Lizzy,” said her father, “I have given him my consent. He is the kind
of man, indeed, to whom I should never dare refuse anything, which he
condescended to ask. I now give it to _you_, if you are resolved on
having him. But let me advise you to think better of it. I know
your disposition, Lizzy. I know that you could be neither happy nor
respectable, unless you truly esteemed your husband; unless you looked
up to him as a superior. Your lively talents would place you in the
greatest danger in an unequal marriage. You could scarcely escape
discredit and misery. My child, let me not have the grief of seeing
_you_ unable to respect your partner in life. You know not what you are
about.”

Elizabeth, still more affected, was earnest and solemn in her reply; and
at length, by repeated assurances that Mr. Darcy was really the object
of her choice, by explaining the gradual change which her estimation of
him had undergone, relating her absolute certainty that his affection
was not the work of a day, but had stood the test of many months'
suspense, and enumerating with energy all his good qualities, she did
conquer her father's incredulity, and reconcile him to the match.

“Well, my dear,” said he, when she ceased speaking, “I have no more to
say. If this be the case, he deserves you. I could not have parted with
you, my Lizzy, to anyone less worthy.”

To complete the favourable impression, she then told him what Mr. Darcy
had voluntarily done for Lydia. He heard her with astonishment.

“This is an evening of wonders, indeed! And so, Darcy did every thing;
made up the match, gave the money, paid the fellow's debts, and got him
his commission! So much the better. It will save me a world of trouble
and economy. Had it been your uncle's doing, I must and _would_ have
paid him; but these violent young lovers carry every thing their own
way. I shall offer to pay him to-morrow; he will rant and storm about
his love for you, and there will be an end of the matter.”

He then recollected her embarrassment a few days before, on his reading
Mr. Collins's letter; and after laughing at her some time, allowed her
at last to go--saying, as she quitted the room, “If any young men come
for Mary or Kitty, send them in, for I am quite at leisure.”

Elizabeth's mind was now relieved from a very heavy weight; and, after
half an hour's quiet reflection in her own room, she was able to join
the others with tolerable composure. Every thing was too recent for
gaiety, but the evening passed tranquilly away; there was no longer
anything material to be dreaded, and the comfort of ease and familiarity
would come in time.

When her mother went up to her dressing-room at night, she followed her,
and made the important communication. Its effect was most extraordinary;
for on first hearing it, Mrs. Bennet sat quite still, and unable to
utter a syllable. Nor was it under many, many minutes that she could
comprehend what she heard; though not in general backward to credit
what was for the advantage of her family, or that came in the shape of a
lover to any of them. She began at length to recover, to fidget about in
her chair, get up, sit down again, wonder, and bless herself.

“Good gracious! Lord bless me! only think! dear me! Mr. Darcy! Who would
have thought it! And is it really true? Oh! my sweetest Lizzy! how rich
and how great you will be! What pin-money, what jewels, what carriages
you will have! Jane's is nothing to it--nothing at all. I am so
pleased--so happy. Such a charming man!--so handsome! so tall!--Oh, my
dear Lizzy! pray apologise for my having disliked him so much before. I
hope he will overlook it. Dear, dear Lizzy. A house in town! Every thing
that is charming! Three daughters married! Ten thousand a year! Oh,
Lord! What will become of me. I shall go distracted.”

This was enough to prove that her approbation need not be doubted: and
Elizabeth, rejoicing that such an effusion was heard only by herself,
soon went away. But before she had been three minutes in her own room,
her mother followed her.

“My dearest child,” she cried, “I can think of nothing else! Ten
thousand a year, and very likely more! 'Tis as good as a Lord! And a
special licence. You must and shall be married by a special licence. But
my dearest love, tell me what dish Mr. Darcy is particularly fond of,
that I may have it to-morrow.”

This was a sad omen of what her mother's behaviour to the gentleman
himself might be; and Elizabeth found that, though in the certain
possession of his warmest affection, and secure of her relations'
consent, there was still something to be wished for. But the morrow
passed off much better than she expected; for Mrs. Bennet luckily stood
in such awe of her intended son-in-law that she ventured not to speak to
him, unless it was in her power to offer him any attention, or mark her
deference for his opinion.

Elizabeth had the satisfaction of seeing her father taking pains to get
acquainted with him; and Mr. Bennet soon assured her that he was rising
every hour in his esteem.

“I admire all my three sons-in-law highly,” said he. “Wickham, perhaps,
is my favourite; but I think I shall like _your_ husband quite as well
as Jane's.”



Chapter 60


Elizabeth's spirits soon rising to playfulness again, she wanted Mr.
Darcy to account for his having ever fallen in love with her. “How could
you begin?” said she. “I can comprehend your going on charmingly, when
you had once made a beginning; but what could set you off in the first
place?”

“I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look, or the words, which
laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I
knew that I _had_ begun.”

“My beauty you had early withstood, and as for my manners--my behaviour
to _you_ was at least always bordering on the uncivil, and I never spoke
to you without rather wishing to give you pain than not. Now be sincere;
did you admire me for my impertinence?”

“For the liveliness of your mind, I did.”

“You may as well call it impertinence at once. It was very little less.
The fact is, that you were sick of civility, of deference, of officious
attention. You were disgusted with the women who were always speaking,
and looking, and thinking for _your_ approbation alone. I roused, and
interested you, because I was so unlike _them_. Had you not been really
amiable, you would have hated me for it; but in spite of the pains you
took to disguise yourself, your feelings were always noble and just; and
in your heart, you thoroughly despised the persons who so assiduously
courted you. There--I have saved you the trouble of accounting for
it; and really, all things considered, I begin to think it perfectly
reasonable. To be sure, you knew no actual good of me--but nobody thinks
of _that_ when they fall in love.”

“Was there no good in your affectionate behaviour to Jane while she was
ill at Netherfield?”

“Dearest Jane! who could have done less for her? But make a virtue of it
by all means. My good qualities are under your protection, and you are
to exaggerate them as much as possible; and, in return, it belongs to me
to find occasions for teasing and quarrelling with you as often as may
be; and I shall begin directly by asking you what made you so unwilling
to come to the point at last. What made you so shy of me, when you first
called, and afterwards dined here? Why, especially, when you called, did
you look as if you did not care about me?”

“Because you were grave and silent, and gave me no encouragement.”

“But I was embarrassed.”

“And so was I.”

“You might have talked to me more when you came to dinner.”

“A man who had felt less, might.”

“How unlucky that you should have a reasonable answer to give, and that
I should be so reasonable as to admit it! But I wonder how long you
_would_ have gone on, if you had been left to yourself. I wonder when
you _would_ have spoken, if I had not asked you! My resolution of
thanking you for your kindness to Lydia had certainly great effect.
_Too much_, I am afraid; for what becomes of the moral, if our comfort
springs from a breach of promise? for I ought not to have mentioned the
subject. This will never do.”

“You need not distress yourself. The moral will be perfectly fair. Lady
Catherine's unjustifiable endeavours to separate us were the means of
removing all my doubts. I am not indebted for my present happiness to
your eager desire of expressing your gratitude. I was not in a humour
to wait for any opening of yours. My aunt's intelligence had given me
hope, and I was determined at once to know every thing.”

“Lady Catherine has been of infinite use, which ought to make her happy,
for she loves to be of use. But tell me, what did you come down to
Netherfield for? Was it merely to ride to Longbourn and be embarrassed?
or had you intended any more serious consequence?”

“My real purpose was to see _you_, and to judge, if I could, whether I
might ever hope to make you love me. My avowed one, or what I avowed to
myself, was to see whether your sister were still partial to Bingley,
and if she were, to make the confession to him which I have since made.”

“Shall you ever have courage to announce to Lady Catherine what is to
befall her?”

“I am more likely to want more time than courage, Elizabeth. But it
ought to be done, and if you will give me a sheet of paper, it shall be
done directly.”

“And if I had not a letter to write myself, I might sit by you and
admire the evenness of your writing, as another young lady once did. But
I have an aunt, too, who must not be longer neglected.”

From an unwillingness to confess how much her intimacy with Mr. Darcy
had been over-rated, Elizabeth had never yet answered Mrs. Gardiner's
long letter; but now, having _that_ to communicate which she knew would
be most welcome, she was almost ashamed to find that her uncle and
aunt had already lost three days of happiness, and immediately wrote as
follows:

“I would have thanked you before, my dear aunt, as I ought to have done,
for your long, kind, satisfactory, detail of particulars; but to say the
truth, I was too cross to write. You supposed more than really existed.
But _now_ suppose as much as you choose; give a loose rein to your
fancy, indulge your imagination in every possible flight which the
subject will afford, and unless you believe me actually married, you
cannot greatly err. You must write again very soon, and praise him a
great deal more than you did in your last. I thank you, again and again,
for not going to the Lakes. How could I be so silly as to wish it! Your
idea of the ponies is delightful. We will go round the Park every day. I
am the happiest creature in the world. Perhaps other people have said so
before, but not one with such justice. I am happier even than Jane; she
only smiles, I laugh. Mr. Darcy sends you all the love in the world that
he can spare from me. You are all to come to Pemberley at Christmas.
Yours, etc.”

Mr. Darcy's letter to Lady Catherine was in a different style; and still
different from either was what Mr. Bennet sent to Mr. Collins, in reply
to his last.

“DEAR SIR,

“I must trouble you once more for congratulations. Elizabeth will soon
be the wife of Mr. Darcy. Console Lady Catherine as well as you can.
But, if I were you, I would stand by the nephew. He has more to give.

“Yours sincerely, etc.”

Miss Bingley's congratulations to her brother, on his approaching
marriage, were all that was affectionate and insincere. She wrote even
to Jane on the occasion, to express her delight, and repeat all her
former professions of regard. Jane was not deceived, but she was
affected; and though feeling no reliance on her, could not help writing
her a much kinder answer than she knew was deserved.

The joy which Miss Darcy expressed on receiving similar information,
was as sincere as her brother's in sending it. Four sides of paper were
insufficient to contain all her delight, and all her earnest desire of
being loved by her sister.

Before any answer could arrive from Mr. Collins, or any congratulations
to Elizabeth from his wife, the Longbourn family heard that the
Collinses were come themselves to Lucas Lodge. The reason of this
sudden removal was soon evident. Lady Catherine had been rendered
so exceedingly angry by the contents of her nephew's letter, that
Charlotte, really rejoicing in the match, was anxious to get away till
the storm was blown over. At such a moment, the arrival of her friend
was a sincere pleasure to Elizabeth, though in the course of their
meetings she must sometimes think the pleasure dearly bought, when she
saw Mr. Darcy exposed to all the parading and obsequious civility of
her husband. He bore it, however, with admirable calmness. He could even
listen to Sir William Lucas, when he complimented him on carrying away
the brightest jewel of the country, and expressed his hopes of their all
meeting frequently at St. James's, with very decent composure. If he did
shrug his shoulders, it was not till Sir William was out of sight.

Mrs. Phillips's vulgarity was another, and perhaps a greater, tax on his
forbearance; and though Mrs. Phillips, as well as her sister, stood in
too much awe of him to speak with the familiarity which Bingley's good
humour encouraged, yet, whenever she _did_ speak, she must be vulgar.
Nor was her respect for him, though it made her more quiet, at all
likely to make her more elegant. Elizabeth did all she could to shield
him from the frequent notice of either, and was ever anxious to keep
him to herself, and to those of her family with whom he might converse
without mortification; and though the uncomfortable feelings arising
from all this took from the season of courtship much of its pleasure, it
added to the hope of the future; and she looked forward with delight to
the time when they should be removed from society so little pleasing
to either, to all the comfort and elegance of their family party at
Pemberley.



Chapter 61


Happy for all her maternal feelings was the day on which Mrs. Bennet got
rid of her two most deserving daughters. With what delighted pride
she afterwards visited Mrs. Bingley, and talked of Mrs. Darcy, may
be guessed. I wish I could say, for the sake of her family, that the
accomplishment of her earnest desire in the establishment of so many
of her children produced so happy an effect as to make her a sensible,
amiable, well-informed woman for the rest of her life; though perhaps it
was lucky for her husband, who might not have relished domestic felicity
in so unusual a form, that she still was occasionally nervous and
invariably silly.

Mr. Bennet missed his second daughter exceedingly; his affection for her
drew him oftener from home than anything else could do. He delighted in
going to Pemberley, especially when he was least expected.

Mr. Bingley and Jane remained at Netherfield only a twelvemonth. So near
a vicinity to her mother and Meryton relations was not desirable even to
_his_ easy temper, or _her_ affectionate heart. The darling wish of his
sisters was then gratified; he bought an estate in a neighbouring county
to Derbyshire, and Jane and Elizabeth, in addition to every other source
of happiness, were within thirty miles of each other.

Kitty, to her very material advantage, spent the chief of her time with
her two elder sisters. In society so superior to what she had generally
known, her improvement was great. She was not of so ungovernable a
temper as Lydia; and, removed from the influence of Lydia's example,
she became, by proper attention and management, less irritable, less
ignorant, and less insipid. From the further disadvantage of Lydia's
society she was of course carefully kept, and though Mrs. Wickham
frequently invited her to come and stay with her, with the promise of
balls and young men, her father would never consent to her going.

Mary was the only daughter who remained at home; and she was necessarily
drawn from the pursuit of accomplishments by Mrs. Bennet's being quite
unable to sit alone. Mary was obliged to mix more with the world, but
she could still moralize over every morning visit; and as she was no
longer mortified by comparisons between her sisters' beauty and her own,
it was suspected by her father that she submitted to the change without
much reluctance.

As for Wickham and Lydia, their characters suffered no revolution from
the marriage of her sisters. He bore with philosophy the conviction that
Elizabeth must now become acquainted with whatever of his ingratitude
and falsehood had before been unknown to her; and in spite of every
thing, was not wholly without hope that Darcy might yet be prevailed on
to make his fortune. The congratulatory letter which Elizabeth received
from Lydia on her marriage, explained to her that, by his wife at least,
if not by himself, such a hope was cherished. The letter was to this
effect:

“MY DEAR LIZZY,

“I wish you joy. If you love Mr. Darcy half as well as I do my dear
Wickham, you must be very happy. It is a great comfort to have you so
rich, and when you have nothing else to do, I hope you will think of us.
I am sure Wickham would like a place at court very much, and I do not
think we shall have quite money enough to live upon without some help.
Any place would do, of about three or four hundred a year; but however,
do not speak to Mr. Darcy about it, if you had rather not.

“Yours, etc.”

As it happened that Elizabeth had _much_ rather not, she endeavoured in
her answer to put an end to every entreaty and expectation of the kind.
Such relief, however, as it was in her power to afford, by the practice
of what might be called economy in her own private expences, she
frequently sent them. It had always been evident to her that such an
income as theirs, under the direction of two persons so extravagant in
their wants, and heedless of the future, must be very insufficient to
their support; and whenever they changed their quarters, either Jane or
herself were sure of being applied to for some little assistance
towards discharging their bills. Their manner of living, even when the
restoration of peace dismissed them to a home, was unsettled in the
extreme. They were always moving from place to place in quest of a cheap
situation, and always spending more than they ought. His affection for
her soon sunk into indifference; hers lasted a little longer; and
in spite of her youth and her manners, she retained all the claims to
reputation which her marriage had given her.

Though Darcy could never receive _him_ at Pemberley, yet, for
Elizabeth's sake, he assisted him further in his profession. Lydia was
occasionally a visitor there, when her husband was gone to enjoy himself
in London or Bath; and with the Bingleys they both of them frequently
staid so long, that even Bingley's good humour was overcome, and he
proceeded so far as to talk of giving them a hint to be gone.

Miss Bingley was very deeply mortified by Darcy's marriage; but as she
thought it advisable to retain the right of visiting at Pemberley, she
dropt all her resentment; was fonder than ever of Georgiana, almost as
attentive to Darcy as heretofore, and paid off every arrear of civility
to Elizabeth.

Pemberley was now Georgiana's home; and the attachment of the sisters
was exactly what Darcy had hoped to see. They were able to love each
other even as well as they intended. Georgiana had the highest opinion
in the world of Elizabeth; though at first she often listened with
an astonishment bordering on alarm at her lively, sportive, manner of
talking to her brother. He, who had always inspired in herself a respect
which almost overcame her affection, she now saw the object of open
pleasantry. Her mind received knowledge which had never before fallen
in her way. By Elizabeth's instructions, she began to comprehend that
a woman may take liberties with her husband which a brother will not
always allow in a sister more than ten years younger than himself.

Lady Catherine was extremely indignant on the marriage of her nephew;
and as she gave way to all the genuine frankness of her character in
her reply to the letter which announced its arrangement, she sent him
language so very abusive, especially of Elizabeth, that for some time
all intercourse was at an end. But at length, by Elizabeth's persuasion,
he was prevailed on to overlook the offence, and seek a reconciliation;
and, after a little further resistance on the part of his aunt, her
resentment gave way, either to her affection for him, or her curiosity
to see how his wife conducted herself; and she condescended to wait
on them at Pemberley, in spite of that pollution which its woods had
received, not merely from the presence of such a mistress, but the
visits of her uncle and aunt from the city.

With the Gardiners, they were always on the most intimate terms.
Darcy, as well as Elizabeth, really loved them; and they were both ever
sensible of the warmest gratitude towards the persons who, by bringing
her into Derbyshire, had been the means of uniting them.A
A's
AA's
AB's
ABM's
AC's
ACTH's
AI's
AIDS's
AM's
AOL
AOL's
ASCII's
ASL's
ATM's
ATP's
AWOL's
AZ's
AZT's
Aachen
Aaliyah
Aaliyah's
Aaron
Abbas
Abbasid
Abbott
Abbott's
Abby
Abby's
Abdul
Abdul's
Abe
Abe's
Abel
Abel's
Abelard
Abelson
Abelson's
Aberdeen
Aberdeen's
Abernathy
Abernathy's
Abidjan
Abidjan's
Abigail
Abilene
Abner
Abner's
Abraham
Abraham's
Abram
Abram's
Abrams
Absalom
Abuja
Abyssinia
Abyssinia's
Abyssinian
Abyssinian's
Ac
Ac's
Acadia
Acadia's
Acapulco
Acapulco's
Accenture
Accenture's
Accra
Accra's
Acevedo
Acevedo's
Achaean
Achaean's
Achebe
Achebe's
Achernar
Acheson
Acheson's
Achilles
Achilles's
Aconcagua
Aconcagua's
Acosta
Acosta's
Acropolis
Acrux
Acrux's
Actaeon
Acton
Acts
Acuff
Acuff's
Ada
Ada's
Adam
Adam's
Adams
Adan
Adan's
Adana
Adar
Adar's
Addams
Adderley
Adderley's
Addie
Addie's
Addison
Adela
Adela's
Adelaide
Adelaide's
Adele
Adele's
Adeline
Adeline's
Aden
Aden's
Adenauer
Adhara
Adhara's
Adidas
Adidas's
Adirondack
Adirondack's
Adirondacks
Adirondacks's
Adkins
Adkins's
Adler
Adolf
Adolf's
Adolfo
Adolfo's
Adolph
Adolph's
Adonis
Adonis's
Adonises
Adrian
Adriana
Adriana's
Adriatic
Adriatic's
Adrienne
Adrienne's
Advent
Advent's
Adventist
Adventist's
Advents
Advil
Advil's
Aegean
Aegean's
Aelfric
Aelfric's
Aeneas
Aeneas's
Aeneid
Aeneid's
Aeolus
Aeolus's
Aeroflot
Aeroflot's
Aeschylus
Aeschylus's
Aesculapius
Aesculapius's
Aesop
Aesop's
Afghan
Afghan's
Afghanistan
Afghanistan's
Afghans
Africa
Africa's
African
African's
Africans
Afrikaans
Afrikaans's
Afrikaner
Afrikaner's
Afrikaners
Afro
Afro's
Afrocentrism
Afros
Ag
Ag's
Agamemnon
Agamemnon's
Agassi
Agassi's
Agassiz
Agassiz's
Agatha
Agatha's
Aggie
Aglaia
Agnes
Agnew
Agnew's
Agni
Agni's
Agra
Agricola
Agrippa
Agrippa's
Agrippina
Agrippina's
Aguilar
Aguilar's
Aguinaldo
Aguinaldo's
Aguirre
Aguirre's
Agustin
Agustin's
Ahab
Ahab's
Ahmad
Ahmad's
Ahmadabad
Ahmadinejad
Ahmadinejad's
Ahmed
Ahmed's
Ahriman
Ahriman's
Aida
Aida's
Aiken
Aileen
Aileen's
Aimee
Aimee's
Ainu
Airedale
Airedale's
Airedales
Aisha
Ajax
Ajax's
Akbar
Akhmatova
Akhmatova's
Akihito
Akita
Akiva
Akiva's
Akkad
Akron
Akron's
Al
Al's
Ala
Alabama
Alabama's
Alabaman
Alabaman's
Alabamans
Alabamian
Alabamian's
Alabamians
Aladdin
Aladdin's
Alamo
Alamo's
Alamogordo
Alamogordo's
Alan
Alan's
Alana
Alana's
Alar
Alar's
Alaric
Alaska
Alaska's
Alaskan
Alaskan's
Alaskans
Alba
Albania
Albania's
Albanian
Albanian's
Albanians
Albany
Albany's
Albee
Alberio
Alberio's
Albert
Alberta
Alberta's
Alberto
Alberto's
Albigensian
Albion
Albireo
Albireo's
Albuquerque
Albuquerque's
Alcatraz
Alcestis
Alcibiades
Alcindor
Alcindor's
Alcmena
Alcmena's
Alcoa
Alcoa's
Alcott
Alcuin
Alcyone
Aldan
Aldebaran
Aldebaran's
Alden
Alderamin
Alderamin's
Aldo
Aldo's
Aldrin
Aldrin's
Alec
Alec's
Aleichem
Aleichem's
Alejandra
Alejandra's
Alejandro
Alejandro's
Alembert
Alembert's
Aleppo
Aleppo's
Aleut
Aleut's
Aleutian
Aleutian's
Alex
Alex's
Alexander
Alexander's
Alexandra
Alexandria
Alexandria's
Alexei
Alexei's
Alexis
Alfonso
Alfonso's
Alfonzo
Alfonzo's
Alford
Alford's
Alfred
Alfreda
Alfreda's
Alfredo
Algenib
Algenib's
Alger
Algeria
Algeria's
Algerian
Algerian's
Algerians
Algieba
Algieba's
Algiers
Algiers's
Algol
Algol's
Algonquian
Algonquian's
Algonquians
Algonquin
Algonquin's
Alhambra
Alhena
Alhena's
Ali
Alice
Alice's
Alicia
Alicia's
Alighieri
Alighieri's
Aline
Aline's
Alioth
Alioth's
Alisa
Alisa's
Alisha
Alisha's
Alison
Alison's
Alissa
Alissa's
Alistair
Alistair's
Alkaid
Alkaid's
Allah
Allah's
Allahabad
Allan
Allan's
Alleghenies
Alleghenies's
Allegheny
Allegra
Allegra's
Allen
Allende
Allende's
Allentown
Allie
Allie's
Allison
Allison's
Allstate
Allstate's
Allyson
Allyson's
Alma
Alma's
Almach
Almach's
Almaty
Almaty's
Almighty
Almighty's
Almohad
Almohad's
Almoravid
Almoravid's
Alnilam
Alnilam's
Alnitak
Alnitak's
Alonzo
Alonzo's
Alpert
Alpert's
Alphard
Alphard's
Alphecca
Alphecca's
Alpheratz
Alpheratz's
Alphonse
Alphonse's
Alphonso
Alphonso's
Alpine
Alpo
Alpo's
Alps
Alps's
Alsace
Alsace's
Alsatian
Alsatian's
Alsop
Alsop's
Alston
Alston's
Alta
Altai
Altai's
Altaic
Altaic's
Altair
Altamira
Althea
Althea's
Altiplano
Altiplano's
Altman
Altman's
Altoids
Altoids's
Alton
Alton's
Aludra
Aludra's
Alva
Alvarado
Alvarado's
Alvarez
Alvarez's
Alvaro
Alvaro's
Alvin
Alvin's
Alyce
Alyce's
Alyson
Alyson's
Alyssa
Alyssa's
Alzheimer
Alzheimer's
Am
Am's
Amadeus
Amadeus's
Amado
Amado's
Amalia
Amalia's
Amanda
Amanda's
Amarillo
Amaru
Amaru's
Amaterasu
Amaterasu's
Amati
Amazon
Amazon's
Amazons
Amber
Amber's
Amelia
Amelia's
Amenhotep
Amenhotep's
Amerasian
America
America's
American
American's
Americana
Americana's
Americanism
Americanism's
Americanisms
Americanization
Americanization's
Americanizations
Americanize
Americanized
Americanizes
Americanizing
Americans
Americas
Amerind
Amerind's
Amerindian
Amerindian's
Amerindians
Amerinds
Ameslan
Ameslan's
Amharic
Amharic's
Amherst
Amie
Amie's
Amiga
Amiga's
Amish
Amish's
Amman
Amman's
Amoco
Amoco's
Amos
Amparo
Amparo's
Ampere
Ampere's
Amritsar
Amsterdam
Amsterdam's
Amtrak
Amundsen
Amur
Amur's
Amway
Amway's
Amy
Amy's
Ana
Ana's
Anabaptist
Anabaptist's
Anabel
Anabel's
Anacin
Anacin's
Anacreon
Anaheim
Analects
Analects's
Ananias
Ananias's
Anasazi
Anastasia
Anatole
Anatole's
Anatolia
Anatolia's
Anatolian
Anatolian's
Anaxagoras
Anchorage
Anchorage's
Andalusia
Andalusia's
Andalusian
Andaman
Andean
Andersen
Andersen's
Anderson
Andes
Andes's
Andorra
Andorra's
Andre
Andre's
Andrea
Andrea's
Andrei
Andrei's
Andres
Andretti
Andretti's
Andrew
Andrew's
Andrews
Andrianampoinimerina
Andrianampoinimerina's
Android
Android's
Andromache
Andromeda
Andromeda's
Andropov
Andy
Andy's
Angara
Angel
Angel's
Angela
Angela's
Angelia
Angelia's
Angelica
Angelico
Angelina
Angelina's
Angeline
Angeline's
Angelique
Angelique's
Angelita
Angelita's
Angelo
Angelo's
Angelou
Angevin
Angevin's
Angie
Angie's
Angkor
Anglia
Anglican
Anglican's
Anglicanism
Anglicanism's
Anglicanisms
Anglicans
Anglicize
Anglo
Anglophile
Angola
Angola's
Angolan
Angolan's
Angolans
Angora
Angora's
Angoras
Anguilla
Anguilla's
Angus
Angus's
Aniakchak
Aniakchak's
Anibal
Anibal's
Anita
Anita's
Ankara
Ankara's
Ann
Ann's
Anna
Annabel
Annabel's
Annabelle
Annabelle's
Annam
Annam's
Annapolis
Annapolis's
Annapurna
Annapurna's
Anne
Annette
Annette's
Annie
Annie's
Annmarie
Annmarie's
Anouilh
Anselm
Anselmo
Anselmo's
Anshan
Anshan's
Antaeus
Antananarivo
Antananarivo's
Antarctic
Antarctic's
Antarctica
Antarctica's
Antares
Antares's
Anthony
Antichrist
Antichrist's
Antichrists
Antietam
Antigone
Antigone's
Antigua
Antigua's
Antilles
Antilles's
Antioch
Antipas
Antipas's
Antofagasta
Antofagasta's
Antoine
Antoine's
Antoinette
Anton
Anton's
Antone
Antone's
Antonia
Antonia's
Antoninus
Antonio
Antonio's
Antonius
Antony
Antony's
Antwan
Antwan's
Antwerp
Antwerp's
Anubis
Anubis's
Anzac
Apache
Apache's
Apaches
Apalachicola
Apalachicola's
Apennines
Aphrodite
Aphrodite's
Apia
Apocrypha
Apocrypha's
Apollinaire
Apollo
Apollo's
Apollonian
Apollos
Appalachia
Appalachia's
Appalachian
Appalachians
Appaloosa
Appaloosa's
Apple
Apple's
Appleseed
Appleton
Appomattox
Apr
Apr's
April
April's
Aprils
Apuleius
Aquafresh
Aquafresh's
Aquarius
Aquarius's
Aquariuses
Aquila
Aquinas
Aquinas's
Aquino
Aquino's
Aquitaine
Aquitaine's
Ar
Ar's
Ara
Ara's
Arab
Arab's
Arabia
Arabia's
Arabian
Arabian's
Arabians
Arabic
Arabic's
Arabs
Araby
Araceli
Araceli's
Arafat
Arafat's
Araguaya
Araguaya's
Aral
Aral's
Aramaic
Aramaic's
Aramco
Aramco's
Arapaho
Arapaho's
Ararat
Ararat's
Araucanian
Arawak
Arawak's
Arawakan
Arawakan's
Arbitron
Arbitron's
Arcadia
Arcadia's
Arcadian
Arcadian's
Archean
Archibald
Archibald's
Archie
Archie's
Archimedes
Arctic
Arctic's
Arcturus
Arcturus's
Arden
Arequipa
Ares
Argentina
Argentina's
Argentine
Argentinian
Argentinian's
Argentinians
Argo
Argonaut
Argonaut's
Argonne
Argonne's
Argos
Argus
Argus's
Ariadne
Ariadne's
Arianism
Arianism's
Ariel
Aries
Aries's
Arieses
Ariosto
Aristarchus
Aristarchus's
Aristides
Aristophanes
Aristophanes's
Aristotelian
Aristotelian's
Aristotle
Aristotle's
Arius
Arius's
Ariz
Arizona
Arizona's
Arizonan
Arizonan's
Arizonans
Arizonian
Arizonian's
Arizonians
Arjuna
Ark
Arkansan
Arkansan's
Arkansas
Arkansas's
Arkhangelsk
Arkwright
Arlene
Arlene's
Arline
Arline's
Arlington
Armageddon
Armageddon's
Armageddons
Armagnac
Armagnac's
Armand
Armand's
Armando
Armando's
Armani
Armani's
Armenia
Armenia's
Armenian
Armenian's
Armenians
Arminius
Arminius's
Armonk
Armonk's
Armour
Armour's
Armstrong
Armstrong's
Arneb
Arneb's
Arnhem
Arno
Arno's
Arnold
Arnulfo
Arnulfo's
Aron
Aron's
Arrhenius
Arron
Arron's
Art
Art's
Artaxerxes
Artaxerxes's
Artemis
Artemis's
Arthur
Arthur's
Arthurian
Artie
Artie's
Arturo
Arturo's
Aruba
Aruba's
Aryan
Aryan's
Aryans
As
Asama
Asama's
Ascella
Ascella's
Asgard
Ashanti
Ashcroft
Ashe
Ashikaga
Ashikaga's
Ashkenazim
Ashkhabad
Ashkhabad's
Ashlee
Ashlee's
Ashley
Ashley's
Ashmolean
Ashmolean's
Ashurbanipal
Asia
Asia's
Asian
Asian's
Asians
Asiatic
Asiatic's
Asiatics
Asimov
Asmara
Asoka
Aspell
Aspell's
Aspen
Aspen's
Aspidiske
Aspidiske's
Asquith
Assad
Assad's
Assam
Assam's
Assamese
Assamese's
Assisi
Assyria
Assyria's
Assyrian
Assyrian's
Assyrians
Astaire
Astana
Astana's
Astarte
Astarte's
Aston
Astor
Astoria
Astrakhan
AstroTurf
Asturias
Asunción
Asunción's
Aswan
Aswan's
At
At's
Atacama
Atacama's
Atahualpa
Atalanta
Atari
Atari's
Atatürk
Atatürk's
Athabasca
Athabasca's
Athabascan
Athabascan's
Athena
Athena's
Athenian
Athenian's
Athenians
Athens
Athens's
Atkins
Atkins's
Atkinson
Atlanta
Atlanta's
Atlantes
Atlantic
Atlantic's
Atlantis
Atlantis's
Atlas
Atlas's
Atlases
Atman
Atreus
Atria
Atria's
Atropos
Atropos's
Ats
Attic
Attic's
Attica
Attica's
Attila
Attila's
Attlee
Attucks
Atwood
Atwood's
Au
Au's
Aubrey
Auckland
Auden
Auden's
Audi
Audi's
Audion
Audion's
Audra
Audra's
Audrey
Audrey's
Audubon
Aug
Aug's
Augean
Augsburg
August
August's
Augusta
Augusta's
Augustan
Augustine
Augustine's
Augusts
Augustus
Augustus's
Aurangzeb
Aurelia
Aurelia's
Aurelio
Aurelio's
Aurelius
Aureomycin
Aureomycin's
Auriga
Auriga's
Aurora
Aurora's
Auschwitz
Aussie
Aussie's
Aussies
Austen
Austerlitz
Austerlitz's
Austin
Austin's
Austins
Australasia
Australasia's
Australia
Australia's
Australian
Australian's
Australians
Australoid
Australopithecus
Australopithecus's
Austria
Austria's
Austrian
Austrian's
Austrians
Austronesian
Austronesian's
Autumn
Autumn's
Av
Av's
Ava
Ava's
Avalon
Ave
Aventine
Avernus
Averroes
Avery
Avery's
Avesta
Avesta's
Avicenna
Avignon
Avila
Avila's
Avior
Avior's
Avis
Avogadro
Avon
Axum
Ayala
Ayala's
Ayers
Aymara
Ayrshire
Ayrshire's
Ayurveda
Ayyubid
Ayyubid's
Azana
Azana's
Azania
Azania's
Azazel
Azerbaijan
Azerbaijan's
Azerbaijani
Azerbaijani's
Azores
Azores's
Azov
Aztec
Aztec's
Aztecan
Aztecan's
Aztecs
Aztlan
Aztlan's
B
B's
BA's
BASIC's
BB's
BC's
BLT's
BM's
BMW
BMW's
BS's
Ba
Ba's
Baal
Baal's
Baath
Baath's
Baathist
Babar
Babar's
Babbage
Babbitt
Babel
Babel's
Babels
Babur
Babylon
Babylon's
Babylonian
Babylonian's
Babylons
Bacall
Bacall's
Bacardi
Bacchanalia
Bacchanalia's
Bacchus
Bacchus's
Bach
Bach's
Backus
Backus's
Bacon
Bacon's
Bactria
Baden
Badlands
Badlands's
Baedeker
Baedeker's
Baez
Baffin
Baffin's
Baggies
Baghdad
Baghdad's
Baguio
Baha'i
Baha'ullah
Bahama
Bahama's
Bahamas
Bahamas's
Bahamian
Bahamian's
Bahamians
Bahia
Bahrain
Bahrain's
Baikal
Bailey
Bailey's
Baird
Bakelite
Bakelite's
Baker
Bakersfield
Baku
Baku's
Bakunin
Balanchine
Balaton
Balboa
Balder
Balder's
Baldwin
Baldwin's
Balearic
Balearic's
Balfour
Bali
Bali's
Balinese
Balinese's
Balkan
Balkans
Balkhash
Ball
Ballard
Ballard's
Balthazar
Baltic
Baltic's
Baltimore
Baltimore's
Baluchistan
Balzac
Balzac's
Bamako
Bamako's
Bambi
Bambi's
Banach
Banach's
Bancroft
Bancroft's
Bandung
Bandung's
Bangalore
Bangkok
Bangkok's
Bangladesh
Bangladesh's
Bangladeshi
Bangladeshi's
Bangladeshis
Bangor
Bangui
Bangui's
Banjarmasin
Banjarmasin's
Banjul
Banks
Banneker
Banneker's
Bannister
Banting
Bantu
Bantu's
Bantus
Baotou
Baotou's
Baptist
Baptist's
Baptiste
Baptiste's
Baptists
Barabbas
Barack
Barack's
Barbadian
Barbadian's
Barbadians
Barbados
Barbados's
Barbara
Barbara's
Barbarella
Barbarella's
Barbarossa
Barbarossa's
Barbary
Barbary's
Barber
Barbie
Barbour
Barbour's
Barbra
Barbra's
Barbuda
Barbuda's
Barcelona
Barcelona's
Barclay
Barclay's
Bardeen
Bardeen's
Barents
Barents's
Barker
Barker's
Barkley
Barkley's
Barlow
Barlow's
Barnabas
Barnaby
Barnaby's
Barnard
Barnaul
Barnes
Barnett
Barnett's
Barney
Barney's
Barnum
Baroda
Barquisimeto
Barr
Barr's
Barranquilla
Barrera
Barrera's
Barrett
Barrett's
Barrie
Barrie's
Barron
Barron's
Barry
Barrymore
Bart
Barth
Bartholdi
Bartholdi's
Bartholomew
Bartlett
Barton
Bartók
Baruch
Baryshnikov
Basel
Basel's
Basho
Basho's
Basie
Basil
Basque
Basque's
Basques
Basra
Bass
Bass's
Basseterre
Basseterre's
Bastille
Bastille's
Bataan
Bataan's
Bates
Bathsheba
Batista
Batman
Batman's
Battle
Battle's
Batu
Batu's
Baudelaire
Baudelaire's
Baudouin
Baudouin's
Bauer
Bauhaus
Bauhaus's
Baum
Bavaria
Bavaria's
Bavarian
Baxter
Baxter's
Bayer
Bayer's
Bayes
Bayesian
Bayeux
Bayeux's
Baylor
Baylor's
Bayonne
Bayonne's
Bayreuth
Baywatch
Baywatch's
Be
Be's
Beach
Beach's
Beadle
Bean
Bean's
Beard
Beard's
Beardmore
Beardmore's
Beardsley
Bearnaise
Bearnaise's
Beasley
Beasley's
Beatlemania
Beatlemania's
Beatles
Beatles's
Beatrice
Beatrice's
Beatrix
Beatrix's
Beatriz
Beatriz's
Beau
Beau's
Beaufort
Beaujolais
Beaujolais's
Beaumarchais
Beaumont
Beauregard
Beauregard's
Beauvoir
Bechtel
Bechtel's
Beck
Beck's
Becker
Becker's
Becket
Becket's
Beckett
Beckett's
Becky
Becky's
Becquerel
Bede
Bedouin
Bedouin's
Bedouins
Beebe
Beebe's
Beecher
Beefaroni
Beefaroni's
Beelzebub
Beelzebub's
Beerbohm
Beethoven
Beethoven's
Beeton
Beeton's
Begin
Behan
Behring
Beiderbecke
Beijing
Beijing's
Beirut
Beirut's
Bekesy
Bekesy's
Bela
Bela's
Belarus
Belarus's
Belau
Belau's
Belem
Belem's
Belfast
Belfast's
Belgian
Belgian's
Belgians
Belgium
Belgium's
Belgrade
Belgrade's
Belinda
Belinda's
Belize
Belize's
Bell
Bell's
Bella
Bella's
Bellamy
Bellamy's
Bellatrix
Bellatrix's
Belleek
Bellini
Bellow
Belmont
Belmont's
Belmopan
Belshazzar
Belshazzar's
Beltane
Belushi
Belushi's
Ben
Ben's
Benacerraf
Benacerraf's
Benares
Benchley
Benchley's
Bender
Bender's
Bendix
Bendix's
Benedict
Benedict's
Benedictine
Benedictine's
Benelux
Benelux's
Benet
Benetton
Benetton's
Bengal
Bengal's
Bengali
Bengali's
Benghazi
Benghazi's
Benin
Benin's
Benita
Benita's
Benito
Benito's
Benjamin
Bennett
Bennie
Bennie's
Benny
Benny's
Benson
Benson's
Bentham
Bentley
Benton
Benz
Benzedrine
Benzedrine's
Beowulf
Berber
Berber's
Berbers
Berenice
Berenice's
Beretta
Beretta's
Berg
Bergen
Bergen's
Berger
Berger's
Bergerac
Bergman
Bergson
Beria
Bering
Berkeley
Berkeley's
Berkshire
Berkshire's
Berkshires
Berle
Berle's
Berlin
Berlin's
Berliner
Berliner's
Berlins
Berlioz
Berlitz
Berlitz's
Bermuda
Bermuda's
Bermudas
Bern
Bern's
Bernadette
Bernadine
Bernadine's
Bernanke
Bernanke's
Bernard
Bernardo
Bernardo's
Bernays
Bernays's
Bernbach
Bernbach's
Berne
Berne's
Bernhardt
Bernice
Bernice's
Bernie
Bernie's
Bernini
Bernoulli
Bernstein
Berra
Berra's
Berry
Bert
Bert's
Berta
Berta's
Bertelsmann
Bertelsmann's
Bertha
Bertha's
Bertie
Bertie's
Bertillon
Bertillon's
Bertram
Bertram's
Bertrand
Bertrand's
Beryl
Beryl's
Berzelius
Bess
Bessel
Bessemer
Bessemer's
Bessie
Best
Best's
Betelgeuse
Betelgeuse's
Beth
Beth's
Bethany
Bethe
Bethesda
Bethlehem
Bethune
Betsy
Betsy's
Bette
Bette's
Bettie
Bettie's
Betty
Betty's
Bettye
Bettye's
Beulah
Beverley
Beverley's
Beverly
Beverly's
Beyer
Bhopal
Bhutan
Bhutan's
Bhutto
Bhutto's
Bi
Bi's
Bialystok
Bianca
Bianca's
Bib
Bible
Bible's
Bibles
Biblical
Bic
Bic's
Biddle
Biden
Biden's
Bierce
Bigfoot
Bigfoot's
Biggles
Biggles's
Biko
Biko's
Bilbao
Bilbo
Bilbo's
Bill
Bill's
Billie
Billie's
Billings
Billings's
Billy
Billy's
Bimini
Bimini's
Bioko
Bioko's
Bird
Birdseye
Birdseye's
Birkenstock
Birmingham
Birmingham's
Biro
Biro's
Biscay
Biscayne
Biscayne's
Bishkek
Bishop
Bishop's
Bismarck
Bismarck's
Bismark
Bismark's
Bisquick
Bisquick's
Bissau
Bissau's
Bizet
Bjerknes
Bjerknes's
Bjork
Bjork's
Bk
Bk's
Black
Black's
Blackbeard
Blackbeard's
Blackburn
Blackburn's
Blackfoot
Blackfoot's
Blacks
Blackshirt
Blackshirt's
Blackstone
Blackwell
Blaine
Blaine's
Blair
Blair's
Blake
Blanca
Blanca's
Blanchard
Blanchard's
Blanche
Blanche's
Blankenship
Blankenship's
Blantyre
Blantyre's
Blatz
Blatz's
Blavatsky
Blenheim
Blenheim's
Blevins
Blevins's
Bligh
Bligh's
Bloch
Blockbuster
Blockbuster's
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein's
Blondel
Blondel's
Blondie
Blondie's
Bloom
Bloom's
Bloomer
Bloomfield
Bloomingdale
Bloomingdale's
Bloomsbury
Blu
Blucher
Blucher's
Bluebeard
Bluebeard's
Bluetooth
Bluetooth's
Blvd
Blythe
Blythe's
Boas
Boas's
Bob
Bob's
Bobbi
Bobbi's
Bobbie
Bobbie's
Bobbitt
Bobbitt's
Bobby
Bobby's
Boccaccio
Bodhidharma
Bodhidharma's
Bodhisattva
Bodhisattva's
Boeing
Boeing's
Boeotia
Boeotia's
Boeotian
Boer
Boer's
Boers
Boethius
Bogart
Bogart's
Bogotá
Bogotá's
Bohemia
Bohemian
Bohemian's
Bohemians
Bohr
Boise
Boise's
Bojangles
Bojangles's
Boleyn
Boleyn's
Bolivar
Bolivar's
Bolivia
Bolivia's
Bolivian
Bolivian's
Bolivians
Bollywood
Bollywood's
Bologna
Bologna's
Bolshevik
Bolshevik's
Bolsheviks
Bolshevism
Bolshevist
Bolshoi
Bolshoi's
Bolton
Boltzmann
Bombay
Bombay's
Bonaparte
Bonaventure
Bond
Bond's
Bonhoeffer
Bonhoeffer's
Boniface
Bonita
Bonita's
Bonn
Bonn's
Bonner
Bonner's
Bonneville
Bonneville's
Bonnie
Bonnie's
Bono
Bono's
Booker
Booker's
Boole
Boole's
Boolean
Boone
Boone's
Booth
Bordeaux
Bordeaux's
Borden
Borden's
Bordon
Bordon's
Boreas
Boreas's
Borg
Borg's
Borges
Borgia
Borglum
Boris
Bork
Bork's
Borlaug
Borlaug's
Born
Borneo
Borneo's
Borobudur
Borobudur's
Borodin
Boru
Boru's
Bosch
Bose
Bosnia
Bosnia's
Bosporus
Bosporus's
Boston
Boston's
Bostonian
Bostons
Boswell
Botswana
Botswana's
Botticelli
Boulder
Boulez
Boulez's
Bourbaki
Bourbaki's
Bourbon
Bourbon's
Bournemouth
Bovary
Bovary's
Bowditch
Bowditch's
Bowell
Bowell's
Bowen
Bowen's
Bowers
Bowery
Bowery's
Bowie
Bowman
Bowman's
Boyd
Boyer
Boyer's
Boyle
Boötes
Boötes's
Br
Br's
Brad
Brad's
Bradbury
Braddock
Braddock's
Bradford
Bradley
Bradly
Bradly's
Bradshaw
Bradshaw's
Bradstreet
Bradstreet's
Brady
Bragg
Bragg's
Brahe
Brahma
Brahma's
Brahmagupta
Brahmagupta's
Brahman
Brahman's
Brahmanism
Brahmanism's
Brahmanisms
Brahmans
Brahmaputra
Brahmaputra's
Brahmas
Brahmin
Brahmin's
Brahmins
Brahms
Brahms's
Braille
Braille's
Brailles
Brain
Brain's
Brampton
Brampton's
Bran
Bran's
Branch
Branch's
Brandeis
Branden
Branden's
Brandenburg
Brandi
Brandi's
Brandie
Brandie's
Brando
Brandon
Brandon's
Brandt
Brandy
Brandy's
Brant
Brant's
Braque
Brasilia
Brasilia's
Bratislava
Brattain
Brattain's
Bray
Bray's
Brazil
Brazil's
Brazilian
Brazilian's
Brazilians
Brazos
Brazos's
Brazzaville
Brazzaville's
Breakspear
Breakspear's
Brecht
Breckenridge
Breckenridge's
Bremen
Brenda
Brenda's
Brendan
Brendan's
Brennan
Brennan's
Brenner
Brenner's
Brent
Brent's
Brenton
Brenton's
Brest
Bret
Bret's
Breton
Breton's
Brett
Brett's
Brewer
Brewer's
Brewster
Brezhnev
Brian
Brian's
Briana
Briana's
Brianna
Brianna's
Brice
Brice's
Bridalveil
Bridalveil's
Bridgeport
Bridgeport's
Bridger
Bridger's
Bridges
Bridget
Bridget's
Bridgetown
Bridgett
Bridgett's
Bridgette
Bridgette's
Bridgman
Brie
Brie's
Brigadoon
Briggs
Brigham
Brigham's
Bright
Brighton
Brighton's
Brigid
Brigid's
Brigitte
Brigitte's
Brillo
Brinkley
Brinkley's
Brisbane
Brisbane's
Bristol
Bristol's
Brit
Brit's
Britain
Britain's
Britannia
Britannic
Britannica
Britannica's
British
British's
Britisher
Britney
Britney's
Briton
Briton's
Britons
Brits
Britt
Britt's
Brittany
Brittany's
Britten
Brittney
Brittney's
Brno
Broadway
Broadway's
Broadways
Brobdingnag
Brobdingnag's
Brobdingnagian
Brock
Brock's
Brokaw
Brokaw's
Bronson
Bronson's
Bronte
Bronx
Bronx's
Brooke
Brooklyn
Brooklyn's
Brooks
Brown
Browne
Brownian
Brownian's
Brownie
Brownies
Browning
Brownshirt
Brownsville
Brubeck
Bruce
Bruce's
Bruckner
Brueghel
Brummel
Brummel's
Brunei
Brunei's
Brunelleschi
Brunhilde
Brunhilde's
Bruno
Brunswick
Brunswick's
Brussels
Brussels's
Brut
Brut's
Brutus
Brutus's
Bryan
Bryant
Bryce
Bryce's
Brynner
Brynner's
Bryon
Bryon's
Brzezinski
Brzezinski's
Btu
Btu's
Buber
Buchanan
Buchanan's
Bucharest
Bucharest's
Buchenwald
Buchwald
Buchwald's
Buck
Buckingham
Buckley
Buckley's
Buckner
Buckner's
Bud
Bud's
Budapest
Budapest's
Buddha
Buddha's
Buddhas
Buddhism
Buddhism's
Buddhisms
Buddhist
Buddhist's
Buddhists
Buddy
Buddy's
Budweiser
Budweiser's
Buffalo
Buffalo's
Buffy
Buffy's
Buford
Buford's
Bugatti
Bugatti's
Bugzilla
Bugzilla's
Buick
Buick's
Bujumbura
Bujumbura's
Bukhara
Bukharin
Bulawayo
Bulfinch
Bulganin
Bulgar
Bulgari
Bulgari's
Bulgaria
Bulgaria's
Bulgarian
Bulgarian's
Bulgarians
Bullock
Bullock's
Bullwinkle
Bullwinkle's
Bultmann
Bultmann's
Bumppo
Bumppo's
Bunche
Bundesbank
Bundesbank's
Bundestag
Bunin
Bunker
Bunker's
Bunsen
Bunyan
Bunyan's
Burbank
Burberry
Burberry's
Burch
Burch's
Burger
Burger's
Burgess
Burgoyne
Burgoyne's
Burgundian
Burgundies
Burgundy
Burgundy's
Burke
Burks
Burl
Burl's
Burma
Burma's
Burmese
Burmese's
Burnett
Burns
Burnside
Burr
Burris
Burris's
Burroughs
Bursa
Burt
Burt's
Burton
Burton's
Burundi
Burundi's
Busch
Busch's
Bush
Bush's
Bushido
Bushnell
Bushnell's
Butler
Butterfingers
Butterfingers's
Buxtehude
Buñuel
Buñuel's
Byblos
Byblos's
Byelorussia
Byelorussia's
Byers
Byers's
Byrd
Byron
Byronic
Byzantine
Byzantine's
Byzantines
Byzantium
Byzantium's
C
C's
CD's
CEO's
CFC's
CIA's
CO's
COBOL's
CPA's
CPI's
CPR's
CPU's
CRT's
CST's
CT's
Ca
Ca's
Cabernet
Cabernet's
Cabinet
Cabot
Cabral
Cabrera
Cabrera's
Cabrini
Cadillac
Cadiz
Cadiz's
Caedmon
Caedmon's
Caerphilly
Caesar
Caesar's
Caesarean
Caesars
Cage
Cagney
Cagney's
Cahokia
Cahokia's
Caiaphas
Cain
Cain's
Cains
Cairo
Cairo's
Caitlin
Caitlin's
Cajun
Cajun's
Cajuns
Cal
Calais
Calcutta
Calcutta's
Calder
Calderon
Calderon's
Caldwell
Caleb
Caleb's
Caledonia
Calgary
Calgary's
Calhoun
Cali
Caliban
California
California's
Californian
Californian's
Californians
Caligula
Callaghan
Callahan
Callahan's
Callao
Callas
Callie
Callie's
Calliope
Calliope's
Callisto
Callisto's
Caloocan
Caloocan's
Calvary
Calvary's
Calvert
Calvin
Calvin's
Calvinism
Calvinism's
Calvinisms
Calvinist
Calvinist's
Calvinistic
Calvinists
Camacho
Camacho's
Cambodia
Cambodia's
Cambodian
Cambodian's
Cambodians
Cambrian
Cambrian's
Cambridge
Cambridge's
Camel
Camel's
Camelopardalis
Camelot
Camelot's
Camembert
Camembert's
Camemberts
Cameron
Cameron's
Cameroon
Cameroon's
Cameroons
Camilla
Camilla's
Camille
Camille's
Camoens
Camoens's
Campanella
Campanella's
Campbell
Campinas
Campos
Camry
Camry's
Camus
Canaan
Canaan's
Canada
Canada's
Canadian
Canadian's
Canadians
Canaletto
Canaries
Canaries's
Canaveral
Canberra
Canberra's
Cancer
Cancer's
Cancers
Cancun
Cancun's
Candace
Candace's
Candice
Candice's
Candide
Candide's
Candy
Candy's
Cannes
Cannes's
Cannon
Cannon's
Canon
Canon's
Canopus
Cantabrigian
Cantabrigian's
Canterbury
Canton
Canton's
Cantonese
Cantonese's
Cantor
Cantor's
Cantrell
Cantrell's
Cantu
Cantu's
Canute
Capablanca
Capek
Capek's
Capella
Capella's
Capet
Capetian
Capetown
Capetown's
Caph
Caph's
Capistrano
Capistrano's
Capitol
Capitol's
Capitoline
Capitols
Capone
Capote
Capra
Capra's
Capri
Capri's
Capricorn
Capricorn's
Capricorns
Capt
Capuchin
Capulet
Capulet's
Cara
Cara's
Caracalla
Caracas
Caracas's
Caravaggio
Carboloy
Carboloy's
Carboniferous
Carboniferous's
Carborundum
Cardenas
Cardenas's
Cardiff
Cardiff's
Cardin
Cardin's
Cardozo
Cardozo's
Carey
Carib
Carib's
Caribbean
Caribbean's
Caribbeans
Carina
Carissa
Carissa's
Carl
Carl's
Carla
Carla's
Carlene
Carlene's
Carlin
Carlin's
Carlo
Carlo's
Carlos
Carlsbad
Carlson
Carlson's
Carlton
Carly
Carly's
Carlyle
Carmela
Carmela's
Carmella
Carmella's
Carmelo
Carmelo's
Carmen
Carmen's
Carmichael
Carmichael's
Carmine
Carmine's
Carnap
Carnation
Carnation's
Carnegie
Carnegie's
Carney
Carney's
Carnot
Carol
Carol's
Carole
Carole's
Carolina
Caroline
Carolingian
Carolinian
Carolinian's
Carolyn
Carolyn's
Carpathian
Carpathian's
Carpathians
Carpenter
Carr
Carr's
Carranza
Carranza's
Carrie
Carrie's
Carrier
Carrier's
Carrillo
Carrillo's
Carroll
Carroll's
Carson
Carter
Carter's
Cartesian
Carthage
Carthage's
Carthaginian
Carthaginian's
Cartier
Cartwright
Caruso
Carver
Cary
Casablanca
Casablanca's
Casals
Casandra
Casandra's
Casanova
Casanova's
Casanovas
Cascades
Cascades's
Case
Case's
Casey
Casey's
Cash
Casio
Casio's
Caspar
Caspian
Cassandra
Cassandra's
Cassatt
Cassie
Cassie's
Cassiopeia
Cassiopeia's
Cassius
Cassius's
Castaneda
Castaneda's
Castillo
Castillo's
Castlereagh
Castor
Castor's
Castries
Castries's
Castro
Catalan
Catalan's
Catalina
Catalina's
Catalonia
Catalonia's
Catawba
Catawba's
Caterpillar
Caterpillar's
Cathay
Cathay's
Cather
Catherine
Catherine's
Cathleen
Cathleen's
Catholic
Catholic's
Catholicism
Catholicism's
Catholicisms
Catholics
Cathryn
Cathryn's
Cathy
Cathy's
Catiline
Cato
Catskill
Catskill's
Catskills
Catskills's
Catt
Catullus
Caucasian
Caucasian's
Caucasians
Caucasoid
Caucasus
Caucasus's
Cauchy
Cavendish
Cavour
Caxton
Cayenne
Cayman
Cayman's
Cayuga
Cayuga's
Cd
Cd's
Ceausescu
Ceausescu's
Cebu
Cebu's
Cebuano
Cebuano's
Cecelia
Cecelia's
Cecil
Cecile
Cecile's
Cecilia
Cecily
Cecily's
Cedric
Cedric's
Celebes
Celebes's
Celeste
Celeste's
Celia
Celia's
Celina
Celina's
Cellini
Celsius
Celt
Celt's
Celtic
Celtic's
Celtics
Celts
Cenozoic
Cenozoic's
Centaurus
Centaurus's
Centigrade
Cepheid
Cepheus
Cepheus's
Cerberus
Cerberus's
Cerenkov
Ceres
Ceres's
Cerf
Cerf's
Cervantes
Cervantes's
Cesar
Cesar's
Cesarean
Cessna
Cessna's
Cetus
Ceylon
Ceylon's
Cezanne
Cf
Cf's
Ch'in
Chablis
Chablis's
Chad
Chad's
Chadwick
Chagall
Chaitanya
Chaitanya's
Chaitin
Chaitin's
Chaldean
Challenger
Challenger's
Chamberlain
Chambers
Champlain
Champollion
Chan
Chan's
Chance
Chance's
Chancellorsville
Chancellorsville's
Chandigarh
Chandler
Chandon
Chandon's
Chandra
Chandra's
Chandragupta
Chandrasekhar
Chandrasekhar's
Chanel
Chaney
Chaney's
Chang
Chang's
Changchun
Changsha
Chantilly
Chanukah
Chanukah's
Chanukahs
Chaplin
Chapman
Chappaquiddick
Chappaquiddick's
Chapultepec
Chapultepec's
Charbray
Charbray's
Chardonnay
Chardonnay's
Charity
Charity's
Charlemagne
Charlemagne's
Charlene
Charlene's
Charles
Charles's
Charleston
Charleston's
Charlestons
Charley
Charlie
Charlotte
Charlotte's
Charlottetown
Charlottetown's
Charmaine
Charmaine's
Charmin
Charmin's
Charolais
Charolais's
Charon
Charon's
Chartism
Chartism's
Chartres
Charybdis
Charybdis's
Chase
Chasity
Chasity's
Chateaubriand
Chateaubriand's
Chattahoochee
Chattahoochee's
Chattanooga
Chattanooga's
Chatterley
Chatterley's
Chatterton
Chaucer
Chaucer's
Chauncey
Chauncey's
Chautauqua
Chavez
Chavez's
Chayefsky
Chayefsky's
Che
Che's
Chechen
Chechnya
Chechnya's
Cheddar
Cheer
Cheer's
Cheerios
Cheerios's
Cheetos
Cheetos's
Cheever
Chekhov
Chekhov's
Chelsea
Chelyabinsk
Chelyabinsk's
Chen
Chen's
Cheney
Cheney's
Chengdu
Chennai
Chennai's
Cheops
Cheri
Cheri's
Cherie
Cherie's
Chernenko
Chernenko's
Chernobyl
Chernobyl's
Chernomyrdin
Chernomyrdin's
Cherokee
Cherokee's
Cherokees
Cherry
Cherry's
Cheryl
Cheryl's
Chesapeake
Cheshire
Chester
Chester's
Chesterfield
Chesterton
Chevalier
Cheviot
Cheviot's
Chevrolet
Chevrolet's
Chevron
Chevron's
Chevy
Chevy's
Cheyenne
Cheyenne's
Cheyennes
Chi
Chi's
Chianti
Chianti's
Chiantis
Chiba
Chibcha
Chicago
Chicago's
Chicagoan
Chicana
Chicano
Chickasaw
Chickasaw's
Chiclets
Chiclets's
Chihuahua
Chihuahua's
Chihuahuas
Chile
Chile's
Chilean
Chilean's
Chileans
Chimborazo
Chimborazo's
Chimera
Chimera's
Chimu
Chimu's
China
China's
Chinatown
Chinese
Chinese's
Chinook
Chinook's
Chinooks
Chipewyan
Chipewyan's
Chippendale
Chippendale's
Chippewa
Chippewa's
Chiquita
Chiquita's
Chirico
Chisholm
Chisholm's
Chisinau
Chisinau's
Chittagong
Chivas
Chivas's
Chloe
Choctaw
Choctaw's
Chomsky
Chongqing
Chopin
Chopin's
Chopra
Chopra's
Chou
Chretien
Chretien's
Chris
Chris's
Christ
Christ's
Christa
Christa's
Christchurch
Christendom
Christendom's
Christendoms
Christensen
Christensen's
Christi
Christi's
Christian
Christian's
Christianities
Christianity
Christianity's
Christians
Christie
Christina
Christine
Christine's
Christmas
Christmas's
Christmases
Christoper
Christoper's
Christopher
Christopher's
Christs
Christy
Chrysler
Chrysler's
Chrysostom
Chrystal
Chrystal's
Chuck
Chuck's
Chukchi
Chumash
Chung
Chung's
Chungking
Chungking's
Church
Churchill
Churchill's
Churriguera
Churriguera's
Chuvash
Chuvash's
Ci
Cicero
Cicero's
Cid
Cimabue
Cimabue's
Cincinnati
Cinderella
Cinderella's
Cinderellas
Cindy
Cindy's
CinemaScope
CinemaScope's
Cinerama
Cipro
Cipro's
Circe
Circe's
Cisco
Cisco's
Citibank
Citibank's
Citigroup
Citigroup's
Citroen
Citroen's
Cl
Cl's
Claiborne
Claiborne's
Clair
Clair's
Claire
Claire's
Clairol
Clairol's
Clancy
Clancy's
Clapeyron
Clapeyron's
Clapton
Clapton's
Clara
Clara's
Clare
Clarence
Clarence's
Clarendon
Clarice
Clarice's
Clarissa
Clarissa's
Clark
Clarke
Clarke's
Claude
Claude's
Claudette
Claudette's
Claudia
Claudia's
Claudine
Claudine's
Claudio
Claudio's
Claudius
Claudius's
Claus
Claus's
Clausewitz
Clausius
Clay
Clayton
Clayton's
Clearasil
Clearasil's
Clem
Clem's
Clemenceau
Clemens
Clement
Clement's
Clementine
Clementine's
Clements
Clemons
Clemson
Clemson's
Cleo
Cleo's
Cleopatra
Cleopatra's
Cleveland
Cleveland's
Cliburn
Cliburn's
Cliff
Cliff's
Clifford
Clifton
Clifton's
Cline
Cline's
Clint
Clint's
Clinton
Clinton's
Clio
Clio's
Clive
Clorets
Clorets's
Clorox
Clorox's
Clotho
Clotho's
Clouseau
Clouseau's
Clovis
Clovis's
Clyde
Clydesdale
Clydesdale's
Clytemnestra
Cm
Cm's
Co
Co's
Cobain
Cobain's
Cobb
Cochabamba
Cochin
Cochise
Cochran
Cochran's
Cockney
Cockney's
Cocteau
Cody
Coffey
Coffey's
Cognac
Cognac's
Cohan
Cohen
Coimbatore
Cointreau
Coke
Coke's
Cokes
Col
Colbert
Colbert's
Colby
Cole
Coleen
Coleen's
Coleman
Coleman's
Coleridge
Coleridge's
Colette
Colfax
Colfax's
Colgate
Colgate's
Colin
Colin's
Colleen
Colleen's
Collier
Collier's
Collin
Collin's
Collins
Colo
Cologne
Cologne's
Colombia
Colombia's
Colombian
Colombian's
Colombians
Colombo
Colombo's
Colon
Colon's
Colorado
Colorado's
Colosseum
Colt
Colt's
Coltrane
Columbia
Columbia's
Columbine
Columbus
Columbus's
Com
Comanche
Comanche's
Comanches
Combs
Combs's
Comintern
Commons
Commonwealth
Communion
Communion's
Communions
Communism
Communist
Communist's
Communists
Como
Comoros
Comoros's
Compaq
Compaq's
Compton
CompuServe
CompuServe's
Comte
Conakry
Conakry's
Conan
Conan's
Concepción
Concetta
Concetta's
Concord
Concord's
Concorde
Concords
Condillac
Condorcet
Conestoga
Conestoga's
Confederacy
Confederacy's
Confederate
Confederate's
Confederates
Confucian
Confucian's
Confucianism
Confucianism's
Confucianisms
Confucians
Confucius
Confucius's
Cong
Congo
Congo's
Congolese
Congolese's
Congregationalist
Congregationalist's
Congregationalists
Congress
Congress's
Congresses
Congreve
Conley
Conley's
Conn
Connecticut
Connecticut's
Connemara
Conner
Conner's
Connery
Connery's
Connie
Connie's
Connolly
Connolly's
Connors
Conrad
Conrail
Conrail's
Constable
Constance
Constantine
Constantinople
Constantinople's
Constitution
Consuelo
Consuelo's
Continent
Continent's
Continental
Contreras
Contreras's
Conway
Cook
Cooke
Cooke's
Cooley
Cooley's
Coolidge
Coolidge's
Cooper
Cooperstown
Cooperstown's
Coors
Coors's
Copacabana
Copacabana's
Copeland
Copeland's
Copenhagen
Copenhagen's
Copernican
Copernicus
Copernicus's
Copland
Copley
Copperfield
Copperfield's
Coppertone
Coppertone's
Coppola
Coppola's
Coptic
Coptic's
Cora
Cora's
Cordelia
Cordelia's
Cordilleras
Cordoba
Cordoba's
Corey
Corey's
Corfu
Corina
Corina's
Corine
Corine's
Corinne
Corinne's
Corinth
Corinth's
Corinthian
Corinthian's
Corinthians
Coriolanus
Coriolis
Coriolis's
Corleone
Corleone's
Cormack
Cormack's
Corneille
Cornelia
Cornelia's
Cornelius
Cornelius's
Cornell
Cornell's
Corning
Corning's
Cornish
Cornish's
Cornwall
Cornwall's
Cornwallis
Coronado
Corot
Correggio
Corrine
Corrine's
Corsica
Corsica's
Corsican
Cortes
Cortes's
Corteses
Cortez
Cortez's
Cortland
Cortland's
Corvallis
Corvallis's
Corvette
Corvette's
Corvus
Corvus's
Cory
Cory's
Cosby
Cosby's
Cossack
Costco
Costco's
Costello
Costello's
Costner
Costner's
Cote
Cote's
Cotonou
Cotopaxi
Cotopaxi's
Cotswold
Cotswold's
Cotton
Cotton's
Coulomb
Coulter
Coulter's
Couperin
Courbet
Courtney
Courtney's
Cousteau
Coventries
Coventry
Coventry's
Coward
Cowley
Cowper
Cox
Coy
Coy's
Cozumel
Cozumel's
Cr
Cr's
Crabbe
Craft
Craft's
Craig
Cranach
Crane
Cranmer
Crater
Crater's
Crawford
Crawford's
Cray
Cray's
Crayola
Crayola's
Creation
Creation's
Creator
Creator's
Crecy
Crecy's
Cree
Cree's
Creek
Creek's
Creighton
Creighton's
Creole
Creole's
Creoles
Creon
Crest
Crest's
Cretaceous
Cretaceous's
Cretan
Cretan's
Crete
Crete's
Crichton
Crick
Crimea
Crimea's
Crimean
Criollo
Crisco
Crisco's
Cristina
Cristina's
Croat
Croat's
Croatia
Croatia's
Croatian
Croatian's
Croatians
Croats
Croce
Crockett
Croesus
Cromwell
Cromwell's
Cromwellian
Cronin
Cronin's
Cronkite
Cronkite's
Cronus
Cronus's
Crookes
Crosby
Cross
Crowley
Crowley's
Cruikshank
Cruise
Cruise's
Crusades
Crusoe
Crusoe's
Crux
Crux's
Cruz
Cruz's
Cryptozoic
Cryptozoic's
Crystal
Crystal's
Cs
Csonka
Csonka's
Ctesiphon
Cthulhu
Cthulhu's
Cu
Cu's
Cuba
Cuba's
Cuban
Cuban's
Cubans
Cuchulain
Cuchulain's
Cuisinart
Culbertson
Cullen
Cullen's
Cumberland
Cumberland's
Cummings
Cunard
Cunard's
Cunningham
Cunningham's
Cupid
Cupid's
Curacao
Curacao's
Curie
Curitiba
Currier
Currier's
Curry
Curt
Curt's
Curtis
Curtis's
Custer
Cuvier
Cuvier's
Cuzco
Cybele
Cybele's
Cyclades
Cyclades's
Cyclops
Cyclops's
Cygnus
Cygnus's
Cymbeline
Cymbeline's
Cynthia
Cynthia's
Cyprian
Cyprian's
Cypriot
Cypriot's
Cypriots
Cyprus
Cyprus's
Cyrano
Cyrano's
Cyril
Cyrillic
Cyrillic's
Cyrus
Czech
Czech's
Czechoslovakia
Czechoslovakia's
Czechoslovakian
Czechoslovakian's
Czechoslovakians
Czechs
Czerny
D
D's
DA's
DAT's
DC's
DD's
DDS's
DNA's
DOS's
DP's
Dacca
Dacca's
Dachau
Dachau's
Dacron
Dacron's
Dacrons
Dada
Dada's
Dadaism
Dadaism's
Daedalus
Daedalus's
Daguerre
Dagwood
Dahomey
Dahomey's
Daimler
Daimler's
Daisy
Dakar
Dakar's
Dakota
Dakota's
Dakotan
Dakotas
Dale
Daley
Daley's
Dali
Dalian
Dalian's
Dallas
Dallas's
Dalmatian
Dalmatian's
Dalmatians
Dalton
Dalton's
Damascus
Damascus's
Damian
Damian's
Damien
Damion
Damion's
Damocles
Damon
Damon's
Dan
Dana
Dana's
Dane
Dane's
Danelaw
Danes
Dangerfield
Dangerfield's
Danial
Danial's
Daniel
Daniel's
Danielle
Danielle's
Daniels
Danish
Danish's
Dannie
Dannie's
Danny
Danny's
Danone
Danone's
Dante
Dante's
Danton
Danube
Danube's
Danubian
Daphne
Daphne's
Darby
Darby's
Darcy
Darcy's
Dardanelles
Dardanelles's
Dare
Daren
Daren's
Darfur
Darin
Darin's
Dario
Dario's
Darius
Darjeeling
Darla
Darla's
Darlene
Darlene's
Darling
Darling's
Darnell
Darnell's
Darrel
Darrel's
Darrell
Darrell's
Darren
Darren's
Darrin
Darrin's
Darrow
Darryl
Darryl's
Darth
Darth's
Dartmoor
Dartmouth
Darvon
Darvon's
Darwin
Darwin's
Darwinian
Darwinism
Darwinism's
Daryl
Daryl's
Daugherty
Daugherty's
Daumier
Davao
Dave
Dave's
Davenport
David
David's
Davids
Davidson
Davidson's
Davies
Davis
Davy
Dawes
Dawn
Dawn's
Dawson
Day
Dayton
DeGeneres
DeGeneres's
Deadhead
Deadhead's
Dean
Deana
Deana's
Deandre
Deandre's
Deann
Deann's
Deanna
Deanna's
Deanne
Deanne's
Debbie
Debbie's
Debby
Debby's
Debian
Debian's
Debora
Debora's
Deborah
Debouillet
Debouillet's
Debra
Debra's
Debs
Debussy
Dec
Dec's
Decalogue
Decalogue's
Decatur
Decca
Decca's
Deccan
December
December's
Decembers
Decker
Dedekind
Dedekind's
Dee
Deena
Deena's
Deere
Deere's
Defoe
Degas
Deidre
Deidre's
Deimos
Deirdre
Deity
Dejesus
Dejesus's
Del
Delacroix
Delacruz
Delacruz's
Delaney
Delaney's
Delano
Delano's
Delaware
Delaware's
Delawarean
Delawarean's
Delawareans
Delawares
Delbert
Delbert's
Deleon
Deleon's
Delgado
Delhi
Delhi's
Delia
Delia's
Delibes
Delicious
Delicious's
Delilah
Delilah's
Delius
Dell
Dell's
Della
Della's
Delmar
Delmar's
Delmarva
Delmarva's
Delmer
Delmer's
Delmonico
Delores
Delores's
Deloris
Deloris's
Delphi
Delphi's
Delphic
Delphinus
Delphinus's
Delta
Dem
Demavend
Demavend's
Demerol
Demerol's
Demeter
Demeter's
Demetrius
Demetrius's
Deming
Deming's
Democrat
Democrat's
Democratic
Democrats
Democritus
Demosthenes
Demosthenes's
Dempsey
Dena
Dena's
Deneb
Denebola
Denebola's
Deng
Deng's
Denis
Denise
Denise's
Denmark
Denmark's
Dennis
Denny
Denny's
Denver
Denver's
Deon
Deon's
Depp
Depp's
Derby
Derek
Derek's
Derick
Derick's
Derrick
Derrick's
Derrida
Derrida's
Descartes
Descartes's
Desdemona
Desdemona's
Desiree
Desiree's
Desmond
Desmond's
Detroit
Detroit's
Deuteronomy
Deuteronomy's
Devanagari
Devanagari's
Devi
Devi's
Devin
Devin's
Devon
Devon's
Devonian
Devonian's
Dewar
Dewar's
Dewayne
Dewayne's
Dewey
Dewey's
Dewitt
Dewitt's
Dexedrine
Dexedrine's
Dexter
Dhaka
Dhaka's
Dhaulagiri
Dhaulagiri's
Di
DiCaprio
DiCaprio's
DiMaggio
Diaghilev
Dial
Dial's
Diana
Diana's
Diane
Diane's
Diann
Diann's
Dianna
Dianna's
Dianne
Dianne's
Diaspora
Diaspora's
Diaz
Dick
Dickens
Dickerson
Dickerson's
Dickinson
Dickson
Dickson's
Dictaphone
Dictaphone's
Diderot
Dido
Dido's
Didrikson
Didrikson's
Diefenbaker
Diego
Diego's
Diem
Diem's
Diesel
Diesel's
Dietrich
Dijkstra
Dijkstra's
Dijon
Dilbert
Dilbert's
Dillard
Dillard's
Dillinger
Dillinger's
Dillon
Dillon's
Dina
Dina's
Dinah
Dino
Dino's
Diocletian
Diogenes
Dion
Dion's
Dionne
Dionne's
Dionysian
Dionysus
Dionysus's
Diophantine
Diophantine's
Dior
Dipper
Dipper's
Dirac
Dirichlet
Dirk
Dirk's
Dis
Dis's
Disney
Disneyland
Disraeli
Diwali
Diwali's
Dix
Dixie
Dixie's
Dixiecrat
Dixieland
Dixieland's
Dixielands
Dixon
Dixon's
Djakarta
Djakarta's
Djibouti
Djibouti's
Dmitri
Dmitri's
Dnepropetrovsk
Dnieper
Dniester
Dobbin
Dobbin's
Doberman
Doberman's
Dobro
Doctor
Doctorow
Doctorow's
Dodge
Dodge's
Dodgson
Dodgson's
Dodoma
Dodoma's
Dodson
Dodson's
Doe
Doha
Doha's
Dolby
Dole
Dole's
Dollie
Dollie's
Dolly
Dolly's
Dolores
Dolores's
Domesday
Domesday's
Domingo
Domingo's
Dominguez
Dominguez's
Dominic
Dominica
Dominica's
Dominican
Dominican's
Dominicans
Dominick
Dominick's
Dominique
Dominique's
Domitian
Don
Don's
Dona
Donahue
Donahue's
Donald
Donald's
Donaldson
Donaldson's
Donatello
Donetsk
Donetsk's
Donizetti
Donizetti's
Donn
Donn's
Donna
Donne
Donne's
Donnell
Donnell's
Donner
Donner's
Donnie
Donnie's
Donny
Donny's
Donovan
Donovan's
Dooley
Dooley's
Doolittle
Doonesbury
Doonesbury's
Doppler
Dora
Dora's
Dorcas
Doreen
Doreen's
Dorian
Dorian's
Doric
Doric's
Doris
Doris's
Doritos
Doritos's
Dorothea
Dorothea's
Dorothy
Dorothy's
Dorset
Dorsey
Dorsey's
Dorthy
Dorthy's
Dortmund
Dostoevsky
Dostoevsky's
Dot
Dot's
Dotson
Dotson's
Douala
Douala's
Douay
Douay's
Doubleday
Doubleday's
Doug
Doug's
Douglas
Douglass
Douro
Dover
Dover's
Dow
Downs
Downy
Downy's
Doyle
Dr
Draco
Draco's
Draconian
Dracula
Dracula's
Drake
Dramamine
Dramamine's
Drambuie
Drano
Drano's
Dravidian
Dravidian's
Dreiser
Dresden
Dresden's
Drew
Drew's
Dreyfus
Dreyfus's
Dristan
Dristan's
Drudge
Drudge's
Druid
Dryden
Dschubba
Dschubba's
DuPont
Duane
Duane's
Dubai
Dubcek
Dubcek's
Dubhe
Dubhe's
Dublin
Dublin's
Dubrovnik
Dubrovnik's
Duchamp
Dudley
Duffy
Duffy's
Duisburg
Duke
Duke's
Dulles
Duluth
Dumas
Dumbledore
Dumbledore's
Dumbo
Dumbo's
Dumpster
Dunant
Dunbar
Duncan
Dunedin
Dunkirk
Dunkirk's
Dunlap
Dunlap's
Dunn
Dunn's
Dunne
Dunne's
Duracell
Duracell's
Duran
Duran's
Durant
Durante
Durante's
Durban
Durex
Durex's
Durham
Durham's
Durhams
Durkheim
Duroc
Durocher
Durocher's
Duse
Duse's
Dushanbe
Dushanbe's
Dustbuster
Dustbuster's
Dustin
Dustin's
Dusty
Dusty's
Dutch
Dutch's
Dutchman
Dutchman's
Dutchmen
Duvalier
Dvina
Dvorák
Dwayne
Dwayne's
Dwight
Dwight's
Dyer
Dyer's
Dylan
Dylan's
Dyson
Dyson's
Dzerzhinsky
Dzerzhinsky's
Dzungaria
Dürer
Düsseldorf
Düsseldorf's
E
E's
ECG's
ECMAScript
ECMAScript's
EEC's
EEG's
EKG's
EPA's
ESP's
EST's
Eakins
Earhart
Earl
Earl's
Earle
Earle's
Earlene
Earlene's
Earline
Earline's
Earnest
Earnest's
Earnestine
Earnestine's
Earnhardt
Earnhardt's
Earp
Earp's
Earth
Earth's
East
East's
Easter
Easter's
Eastern
Easterner
Easters
Eastman
Easts
Eastwood
Eastwood's
Eaton
Eaton's
Eben
Eben's
Ebeneezer
Ebeneezer's
Ebert
Ebola
Ebonics
Ebonics's
Ebony
Ebony's
Ebro
Ebro's
Ecclesiastes
Eco
Eco's
Ecuador
Ecuador's
Ecuadoran
Ecuadoran's
Ecuadorans
Ecuadorian
Ecuadorian's
Ecuadorians
Ed
Ed's
Edam
Edam's
Edams
Edda
Eddie
Eddie's
Eddington
Eddington's
Eddy
Eddy's
Eden
Eden's
Edens
Edgar
Edgardo
Edgardo's
Edinburgh
Edinburgh's
Edison
Edison's
Edith
Edith's
Edmond
Edmond's
Edmonton
Edmonton's
Edmund
Edmund's
Edna
Edna's
Edsel
Eduardo
Eduardo's
Edward
Edward's
Edwardian
Edwardian's
Edwardo
Edwardo's
Edwards
Edwin
Edwina
Edwina's
Eeyore
Eeyore's
Effie
Effie's
Efrain
Efrain's
Efren
Efren's
Eggo
Eggo's
Egypt
Egypt's
Egyptian
Egyptian's
Egyptians
Egyptology
Egyptology's
Ehrenberg
Ehrenberg's
Ehrlich
Eichmann
Eiffel
Eileen
Eileen's
Einstein
Einstein's
Einsteins
Eire
Eire's
Eisenhower
Eisenhower's
Eisenstein
Eisner
Eisner's
Elaine
Elam
Elanor
Elanor's
Elastoplast
Elastoplast's
Elba
Elbe
Elbe's
Elbert
Elbrus
Eldon
Eldon's
Eleanor
Eleanor's
Eleazar
Eleazar's
Electra
Electra's
Elena
Elena's
Elgar
Eli
Elias
Elijah
Elijah's
Elinor
Elinor's
Eliot
Elisa
Elisa's
Elisabeth
Elise
Elise's
Eliseo
Eliseo's
Elisha
Eliza
Eliza's
Elizabeth
Elizabeth's
Elizabethan
Elizabethan's
Elizabethans
Ella
Ella's
Ellen
Ellen's
Ellesmere
Ellesmere's
Ellie
Ellie's
Ellington
Elliot
Elliot's
Elliott
Elliott's
Ellis
Ellison
Ellison's
Elma
Elma's
Elmer
Elmer's
Elmo
Elmo's
Elnath
Elnath's
Elnora
Elnora's
Elohim
Eloise
Eloise's
Eloy
Eloy's
Elroy
Elroy's
Elsa
Elsa's
Elsie
Elsie's
Elsinore
Eltanin
Eltanin's
Elton
Elton's
Elul
Elul's
Elva
Elva's
Elvia
Elvia's
Elvin
Elvin's
Elvira
Elvira's
Elvis
Elvis's
Elway
Elway's
Elwood
Elwood's
Elysian
Elysium
Elysium's
Elysiums
Elysée
Elysée's
Emacs
Emacs's
Emanuel
Emanuel's
Emerson
Emery
Emery's
Emil
Emil's
Emile
Emile's
Emilia
Emilia's
Emilio
Emilio's
Emily
Emily's
Eminem
Eminem's
Emma
Emma's
Emmanuel
Emmett
Emmett's
Emmy
Emory
Emory's
Encarta
Encarta's
Endymion
Eng
Engels
Engels's
England
England's
English
English's
Englisher
Englishes
Englishman
Englishman's
Englishmen
Englishwoman
Englishwoman's
Englishwomen
Enid
Enif
Enif's
Eniwetok
Eniwetok's
Enkidu
Enkidu's
Enoch
Enos
Enrico
Enrico's
Enrique
Enrique's
Enron
Enron's
Enterprise
Enterprise's
Eocene
Eocene's
Epcot
Epcot's
Ephesian
Ephesus
Ephraim
Epictetus
Epicurean
Epicurus
Epicurus's
Epimethius
Epimethius's
Epiphanies
Epiphany
Epiphany's
Episcopal
Episcopalian
Episcopalian's
Episcopalians
Epsom
Epson
Epson's
Epstein
Equuleus
Er
Er's
Erasmus
Erasmus's
Erato
Erato's
Eratosthenes
Eratosthenes's
Erebus
Erebus's
Erector
Erewhon
Erewhon's
Erhard
Eric
Eric's
Erica
Erica's
Erich
Erich's
Erick
Erick's
Ericka
Ericka's
Erickson
Erickson's
Ericson
Ericsson
Eridanus
Erie
Erik
Erik's
Erika
Erika's
Erin
Eris
Eris's
Eritrea
Eritrea's
Erlenmeyer
Erlenmeyer's
Erma
Erma's
Erna
Erna's
Ernest
Ernest's
Ernestine
Ernestine's
Ernesto
Ernesto's
Ernie
Ernie's
Ernst
Eros
Eros's
Eroses
Errol
Errol's
Erse
Erse's
ErvIn
ErvIn's
Erwin
Erwin's
Es
Esau
Esau's
Escher
Escher's
Escherichia
Escherichia's
Eskimo
Eskimo's
Eskimos
Esmeralda
Esmeralda's
Esperanto
Esperanto's
Esperanza
Esperanza's
Espinoza
Espinoza's
Esq
Esq's
Essen
Essen's
Essene
Essequibo
Essex
Essie
Essie's
Establishment
Esteban
Esteban's
Estela
Estela's
Estella
Estella's
Estelle
Estelle's
Ester
Ester's
Esterházy
Esterházy's
Estes
Esther
Esther's
Estonia
Estonia's
Estonian
Estonian's
Estonians
Estrada
Estrada's
Ethan
Ethan's
Ethel
Ethel's
Ethelred
Ethelred's
Ethernet
Ethiopia
Ethiopia's
Ethiopian
Ethiopian's
Ethiopians
Etna
Etna's
Eton
Etruria
Etruscan
Etta
Etta's
Eu
Eu's
Eucharist
Eucharist's
Eucharistic
Eucharists
Euclid
Euclid's
Euclidean
Eugene
Eugenia
Eugenia's
Eugenie
Eugenie's
Eugenio
Eugenio's
Eula
Eula's
Euler
Eumenides
Eumenides's
Eunice
Eunice's
Euphrates
Euphrates's
Eurasia
Eurasia's
Eurasian
Eurasian's
Eurasians
Euripides
Eurodollar
Eurodollar's
Eurodollars
Europa
Europa's
Europe
Europe's
European
European's
Europeans
Eurydice
Eurydice's
Eustachian
Eustachian's
Euterpe
Euterpe's
Eva
Eva's
Evan
Evan's
Evangelina
Evangelina's
Evangeline
Evangeline's
Evans
Evansville
Eve
Eve's
Evelyn
Evenki
Evenki's
EverReady
EverReady's
Everest
Everest's
Everett
Everett's
Everette
Everette's
Everglades
Everglades's
Evert
Evert's
Evian
Evian's
Evita
Evita's
Ewing
Ewing's
Excalibur
Excalibur's
Excedrin
Excedrin's
Excellencies
Excellency
Excellency's
Exercycle
Exocet
Exocet's
Exodus
Exodus's
Exxon
Exxon's
Eyck
Eyck's
Eyre
Eysenck
Eysenck's
Ezekiel
Ezra
F
F's
FBI's
FDIC's
FDR
FDR's
FHA's
FICA's
FM's
FNMA
FNMA's
FORTRAN's
Fabergé
Fabian
Fabian's
Facebook
Facebook's
Faeroe
Faeroe's
Fafnir
Fagin
Fagin's
Fahd
Fahd's
Fahrenheit
Fairbanks
Faisal
Faisal's
Faisalabad
Faith
Falasha
Falkland
Falkland's
Falklands
Fallopian
Fallopian's
Falstaff
Falstaff's
Falwell
Falwell's
Fannie
Fannie's
Fanny
Fanny's
Faraday
Faraday's
Fargo
Fargo's
Farley
Farley's
Farmer
Farragut
Farrakhan
Farrakhan's
Farrell
Farrell's
Farrow
Farrow's
Farsi
Farsi's
Fassbinder
Fassbinder's
Fatah
Fatah's
Fates
Father
Father's
Fathers
Fatima
Fatimid
Faulkner
Faulkner's
Faulknerian
Fauntleroy
Fauntleroy's
Faust
Faust's
Faustian
Faustino
Faustino's
Faustus
Faustus's
Fawkes
Fay
Fay's
Faye
Faye's
Fe
Fe's
Feb
Feb's
Februaries
February
February's
Fed
Fed's
FedEx
Federalist
Federalist's
Federico
Federico's
Feds
Felecia
Felecia's
Felice
Felice's
Felicia
Felicia's
Felicity
Felicity's
Felipe
Felipe's
Felix
Felix's
Fellini
Fenian
Ferber
Ferber's
Ferdinand
Fergus
Ferguson
Ferguson's
Ferlinghetti
Ferlinghetti's
Fermat
Fermat's
Fermi
Fern
Fern's
Fernandez
Fernandez's
Fernando
Fernando's
Ferrari
Ferrari's
Ferraro
Ferraro's
Ferrell
Ferrell's
Ferris
Feynman
Feynman's
Fez
Fiat
Fiat's
Fiberglas
Fibonacci
Fibonacci's
Fichte
Fidel
Fidel's
Fido
Fido's
Fielding
Fields
Figaro
Figaro's
Figueroa
Figueroa's
Fiji
Fiji's
Fijian
Fijian's
Fijians
Filipino
Filipino's
Filipinos
Fillmore
Fillmore's
Filofax
Finch
Finch's
Finland
Finland's
Finley
Finley's
Finn
Finn's
Finnbogadottir
Finnbogadottir's
Finnegan
Finnegan's
Finnish
Finnish's
Finns
Fiona
Fiona's
Firefox
Firefox's
Firestone
Firestone's
Fischer
Fisher
Fisk
Fisk's
Fitch
Fitch's
Fitzgerald
Fitzpatrick
Fitzpatrick's
Fitzroy
Fitzroy's
Fizeau
Fizeau's
Fla
Flanagan
Flanagan's
Flanders
Flanders's
Flatt
Flatt's
Flaubert
Fleischer
Fleischer's
Fleming
Flemish
Flemish's
Fletcher
Flint
Flintstones
Flo
Flo's
Flora
Florence
Florence's
Florentine
Flores
Florida
Florida's
Floridan
Florine
Florine's
Florsheim
Florsheim's
Flory
Flory's
Flossie
Flossie's
Flowers
Floyd
Flynn
Flynn's
Fm
Fm's
Foch
Fokker
Foley
Folgers
Folsom
Fomalhaut
Fonda
Foosball
Foosball's
Forbes
Ford
Ford's
Foreman
Foreman's
Forest
Forest's
Forester
Formica
Formica's
Formicas
Formosa
Formosa's
Formosan
Formosan's
Forrest
Forster
Fortaleza
Fosse
Fosse's
Foster
Fotomat
Fotomat's
Foucault
Fourier
Fourneyron
Fourneyron's
Fowler
Fox
Fox's
Fr
Fr's
Fragonard
Fran
Fran's
France
France's
Frances
Francesca
Francine
Francine's
Francis
Francisca
Francisca's
Franciscan
Franciscan's
Francisco
Francisco's
Franck
Franco
Francois
Francois's
Francoise
Francoise's
Franglais
Frank
Frank's
Frankel
Frankel's
Frankenstein
Frankfort
Frankfort's
Frankfurt
Frankfurt's
Frankfurter
Frankie
Frankie's
Franklin
Franks
Franny
Franny's
Franz
Franz's
Fraser
Frazier
Frazier's
Fred
Fred's
Freda
Freda's
Freddie
Freddie's
Freddy
Freddy's
Frederic
Frederic's
Frederick
Fredericton
Fredericton's
Fredric
Fredric's
Fredrick
Fredrick's
Freeman
Freeman's
Freemason
Freemason's
Freemasonries
Freemasonry
Freemasonry's
Freemasons
Freetown
Freetown's
Freida
Freida's
Fremont
French
French's
Frenches
Frenchman
Frenchman's
Frenchmen
Frenchwoman
Frenchwoman's
Frenchwomen
Freon
Fresnel
Fresnel's
Fresno
Fresno's
Freud
Freud's
Freudian
Frey
Frey's
Freya
Freya's
Fri
Fri's
Friday
Friday's
Fridays
Frieda
Frieda's
Friedan
Friedman
Frigga
Frigga's
Frigidaire
Frisbee
Frisco
Frisian
Frisian's
Frito
Frito's
Fritz
Fritz's
Frobisher
Froissart
Fromm
Fronde
Frontenac
Frontenac's
Frost
Frost's
Frostbelt
Fry
Frye
Frye's
Fuchs
Fuchs's
Fuentes
Fugger
Fuji
Fuji's
Fujitsu
Fujitsu's
Fujiwara
Fujiwara's
Fukuoka
Fukuoka's
Fulani
Fulani's
Fulbright
Fuller
Fulton
Fulton's
Funafuti
Fundy
Furtwängler
Furtwängler's
Fushun
Fuzhou
Fuzhou's
Fuzzbuster
G
G's
GE
GE's
GHQ's
GMT's
GNP's
GOP's
GP's
GTE
GTE's
Ga
Ga's
Gable
Gabon
Gabon's
Gaborone
Gaborone's
Gabriel
Gabriela
Gabriela's
Gabrielle
Gabrielle's
Gacrux
Gacrux's
Gadsden
Gadsden's
Gaea
Gaea's
Gael
Gael's
Gaelic
Gaelic's
Gagarin
Gage
Gail
Gail's
Gaiman
Gaiman's
Gaines
Gaines's
Gainsborough
Gainsborough's
Galahad
Galahad's
Galahads
Galapagos
Galapagos's
Galatea
Galatia
Galatians
Galbraith
Gale
Gale's
Galen
Galibi
Galilean
Galilean's
Galilee
Galileo
Galileo's
Gall
Gall's
Gallagher
Gallagher's
Gallegos
Gallegos's
Gallic
Gallo
Gallo's
Galloway
Galloway's
Gallup
Galois
Galois's
Galsworthy
Galvani
Galveston
Galveston's
Gamay
Gambia
Gambia's
Gamble
Gamble's
Gamow
Gamow's
Gandhi
Gandhi's
Gandhian
Ganesha
Ganesha's
Ganges
Ganges's
Gangtok
Gangtok's
Gantry
Gantry's
Ganymede
Ganymede's
Gap
Gap's
Garbo
Garcia
Garcia's
Gardner
Gardner's
Gareth
Gareth's
Garfield
Garfield's
Garfunkel
Garfunkel's
Gargantua
Garibaldi
Garibaldi's
Garland
Garner
Garrett
Garrett's
Garrick
Garrison
Garry
Garry's
Garth
Garth's
Garvey
Gary
Garza
Garza's
Gascony
Gascony's
Gasser
Gates
Gatling
Gatling's
Gatorade
Gatorade's
Gatsby
Gatsby's
Gatun
Gatun's
Gauguin
Gauguin's
Gaul
Gaul's
Gauls
Gauss
Gauss's
Gaussian
Gautama
Gautama's
Gautier
Gavin
Gavin's
Gawain
Gawain's
Gay
Gayle
Gayle's
Gaza
Gaziantep
Gd
Gd's
Gdansk
Gdansk's
Ge
Ge's
Geffen
Geffen's
Gehenna
Gehenna's
Gehrig
Geiger
Geiger's
Gelbvieh
Gelbvieh's
Geller
Geller's
Gemini
Gemini's
Geminis
Gen
Gena
Gena's
Genaro
Genaro's
Gene
Gene's
Genesis
Genesis's
Genet
Genet's
Geneva
Geneva's
Genevieve
Genevieve's
Genghis
Genghis's
Genoa
Genoa's
Genoas
Gentoo
Gentry
Gentry's
Geo
Geo's
Geoffrey
Geoffrey's
George
George's
Georges
Georgetown
Georgetown's
Georgette
Georgia
Georgia's
Georgian
Georgian's
Georgians
Georgina
Georgina's
Ger
Gerald
Gerald's
Geraldine
Geraldine's
Gerard
Gerard's
Gerardo
Gerardo's
Gerber
Gerber's
Gere
Gere's
Geritol
Geritol's
German
German's
Germanic
Germanic's
Germans
Germany
Germany's
Geronimo
Gerry
Gerry's
Gershwin
Gertrude
Gertrude's
Gestapo
Gestapo's
Gestapos
Gethsemane
Getty
Gettysburg
Gettysburg's
Gewürztraminer
Ghana
Ghana's
Ghanaian
Ghanian
Ghanian's
Ghanians
Ghats
Ghazvanid
Ghazvanid's
Ghent
Ghibelline
Giacometti
Giannini
Giannini's
Giauque
Giauque's
Gibbon
Gibbs
Gibraltar
Gibraltar's
Gibraltars
Gibson
Gide
Gideon
Gielgud
Gienah
Gienah's
Gil
Gil's
Gila
Gila's
Gilbert
Gilbert's
Gilberto
Gilberto's
Gilchrist
Gilchrist's
Gilda
Gilda's
Gilead
Giles
Gilgamesh
Gill
Gillespie
Gillette
Gillette's
Gilliam
Gilliam's
Gillian
Gillian's
Gilligan
Gilligan's
Gilmore
Gilmore's
Gina
Gina's
Ginger
Ginger's
Gingrich
Gingrich's
Ginny
Ginny's
Gino
Gino's
Ginsberg
Ginsburg
Ginsburg's
Ginsu
Ginsu's
Giorgione
Giotto
Giovanni
Giovanni's
Gipsies
Gipsy
Gipsy's
Giraudoux
Giselle
Giselle's
Gish
Giuliani
Giuliani's
Giuseppe
Giuseppe's
Giza
Giza's
Gladstone
Gladstone's
Gladstones
Gladys
Glaser
Glasgow
Glasgow's
Glass
Glass's
Glastonbury
Glastonbury's
Glaswegian
Glaswegian's
Glaxo
Glaxo's
Gleason
Gleason's
Glen
Glen's
Glenda
Glenda's
Glendale
Glenlivet
Glenlivet's
Glenn
Glenn's
Glenna
Glenna's
Gloria
Gloucester
Glover
Glover's
Gnostic
Gnosticism
Gnosticism's
Goa
Gobi
Gobi's
God
God's
Goddard
Godiva
Godiva's
Godot
Godot's
Godthaab
Godunov
Godzilla
Godzilla's
Goebbels
Goering
Goethals
Goethals's
Goethe
Goethe's
Goff
Goff's
Gog
Gogol
Goiania
Goiania's
Golan
Golan's
Golconda
Golda
Golda's
Goldberg
Goldberg's
Golden
Golden's
Goldie
Goldie's
Goldilocks
Goldilocks's
Golding
Goldman
Goldman's
Goldsmith
Goldwater
Goldwater's
Goldwyn
Golgi
Golgotha
Golgotha's
Goliath
Gomez
Gomez's
Gomorrah
Gomorrah's
Gompers
Gomulka
Gondwanaland
Gondwanaland's
Gonzales
Gonzalez
Gonzalez's
Gonzalo
Gonzalo's
Good
Good's
Goodall
Goodall's
Goodman
Goodrich
Goodrich's
Goodwill
Goodwill's
Goodwin
Goodwin's
Goodyear
Google
Google's
Goolagong
Goolagong's
Gopher
Gorbachev
Gordian
Gordian's
Gordimer
Gordon
Gore
Goren
Goren's
Gorey
Gorey's
Gorgas
Gorgonzola
Gorky
Gorky's
Gospel
Gospel's
Gospels
Goth
Goth's
Gotham
Gothic
Gothic's
Gothics
Goths
Gouda
Gouda's
Goudas
Gould
Gounod
Goya
Grable
Grable's
Gracchus
Grace
Graceland
Graceland's
Gracie
Gracie's
Graciela
Graciela's
Grady
Grady's
Graffias
Graffias's
Grafton
Grafton's
Graham
Grahame
Grail
Grammy
Grampians
Granada
Granada's
Grant
Grant's
Grass
Graves
Gray
Grecian
Greece
Greece's
Greek
Greek's
Greeks
Greeley
Green
Green's
Greene
Greenland
Greenland's
Greenpeace
Greenpeace's
Greensboro
Greensboro's
Greensleeves
Greensleeves's
Greenspan
Greenspan's
Greenwich
Greenwich's
Greer
Greer's
Greg
Greg's
Gregg
Gregg's
Gregorian
Gregorio
Gregorio's
Gregory
Gregory's
Grenada
Grenada's
Grenadines
Grendel
Grenoble
Gresham
Greta
Greta's
Gretchen
Gretchen's
Gretel
Gretel's
Gretzky
Gretzky's
Grey
Grieg
Griffin
Griffin's
Griffith
Grimes
Grimm
Grimm's
Grinch
Grinch's
Gris
Gromyko
Gropius
Gropius's
Gross
Grosz
Grotius
Grover
Grover's
Grumman
Grumman's
Grundy
Grus
Grus's
Gruyeres
Gruyère
Gruyère's
Grünewald
Grünewald's
Guadalajara
Guadalajara's
Guadalcanal
Guadalcanal's
Guadalquivir
Guadalupe
Guadalupe's
Guadeloupe
Guadeloupe's
Guallatiri
Guallatiri's
Guam
Guam's
Guangzhou
Guangzhou's
Guantanamo
Guantanamo's
Guarani
Guarani's
Guarnieri
Guarnieri's
Guatemala
Guatemala's
Guatemalan
Guatemalan's
Guatemalans
Guayaquil
Guayaquil's
Gucci
Gucci's
Guelph
Guernsey
Guernsey's
Guernseys
Guerra
Guerra's
Guerrero
Guevara
Guggenheim
Guiana
Guiana's
Guillermo
Guillermo's
Guinea
Guinea's
Guinean
Guinean's
Guineans
Guinevere
Guinevere's
Guinness
Guinness's
Guiyang
Guizot
Gujarat
Gujarat's
Gujarati
Gujarati's
Gujranwala
Gullah
Gulliver
Gulliver's
Gumbel
Gumbel's
Gunther
Guofeng
Guofeng's
Gupta
Gupta's
Gurkha
Gurkha's
Gus
Gus's
Gustav
Gustav's
Gustavo
Gustavo's
Gustavus
Gustavus's
Gutenberg
Guthrie
Gutierrez
Gutierrez's
Guy
Guy's
Guyana
Guyana's
Guyanese
Guyanese's
Guzman
Guzman's
Gwalior
Gwen
Gwen's
Gwendoline
Gwendoline's
Gwendolyn
Gwendolyn's
Gwyn
Gwyn's
Gypsies
Gypsy
Gypsy's
Gödel
Gödel's
Göteborg
Göteborg's
H
H's
HF's
HIV's
HMO's
HP's
HQ's
HSBC
HSBC's
HTML's
HUD's
Haas
Haas's
Habakkuk
Haber
Haber's
Hadar
Hadar's
Hades
Hades's
Hadrian
Hafiz
Hafiz's
Hagar
Haggai
Hagiographa
Hagiographa's
Hague
Hahn
Haifa
Haifa's
Haiphong
Haiti
Haiti's
Haitian
Haitian's
Haitians
Hakka
Hakka's
Hakluyt
Hal
Hal's
Haldane
Hale
Haleakala
Haley
Haley's
Halifax
Halifax's
Hall
Halley
Halliburton
Halliburton's
Hallie
Hallie's
Hallmark
Hallmark's
Hallowe'en
Halloween
Halloween's
Halloweens
Hallstatt
Halon
Halon's
Hals
Halsey
Ham
Ham's
Haman
Haman's
Hamburg
Hamburg's
Hamburgs
Hamhung
Hamilcar
Hamilcar's
Hamill
Hamill's
Hamilton
Hamilton's
Hamiltonian
Hamitic
Hamitic's
Hamlet
Hamlin
Hamlin's
Hammarskjold
Hammerstein
Hammett
Hammett's
Hammond
Hammurabi
Hampshire
Hampshire's
Hampton
Hamsun
Han
Hancock
Handel
Handel's
Handy
Haney
Haney's
Hangul
Hangul's
Hangzhou
Hangzhou's
Hank
Hank's
Hanna
Hanna's
Hannah
Hannibal
Hannibal's
Hanoi
Hanoi's
Hanover
Hanover's
Hanoverian
Hanoverian's
Hans
Hansel
Hansel's
Hansen
Hansen's
Hanson
Hanson's
Hanukkah
Hanukkah's
Hanukkahs
Hapsburg
Hapsburg's
Harare
Harare's
Harbin
Hardin
Hardin's
Harding
Harding's
Hardy
Hargreaves
Harlan
Harlan's
Harlem
Harlem's
Harlequin
Harley
Harlow
Harmon
Harmon's
Harold
Harold's
Harper
Harper's
Harrell
Harrell's
Harriet
Harriet's
Harriett
Harriett's
Harrington
Harrington's
Harris
Harrisburg
Harrisburg's
Harrison
Harrison's
Harrods
Harry
Harry's
Hart
Harte
Hartford
Hartford's
Hartline
Hartline's
Hartman
Hartman's
Harvard
Harvard's
Harvey
Hasbro
Hasbro's
Hasidim
Hastings
Hastings's
Hatfield
Hathaway
Hatsheput
Hatsheput's
Hatteras
Hattie
Hattie's
Hauptmann
Hausa
Hausa's
Hausdorff
Hausdorff's
Havana
Havana's
Havanas
Havarti
Havel
Havoline
Havoline's
Hawaii
Hawaii's
Hawaiian
Hawaiian's
Hawaiians
Hawking
Hawkins
Hawthorne
Hay
Hay's
Hayden
Hayden's
Haydn
Haydn's
Hayes
Hayes's
Haynes
Hays
Haywood
Haywood's
Hayworth
Hayworth's
Hazel
Hazel's
Hazlitt
He
He's
Head
Head's
Hearst
Heath
Heather
Heather's
Heaviside
Hebe
Hebert
Hebert's
Hebraic
Hebrew
Hebrew's
Hebrews
Hebrides
Hebrides's
Hecate
Hector
Hector's
Hecuba
Heep
Heep's
Hefner
Hefner's
Hegel
Hegel's
Hegelian
Hegira
Heidegger
Heidelberg
Heidi
Heidi's
Heifetz
Heimlich
Heimlich's
Heine
Heineken
Heineken's
Heinlein
Heinlein's
Heinrich
Heinrich's
Heinz
Heisenberg
Heisman
Heisman's
Helen
Helen's
Helena
Helena's
Helene
Helene's
Helga
Helga's
Helicon
Heliopolis
Helios
Helios's
Hell
Hell's
Hellenic
Hellenic's
Hellenism
Hellenism's
Hellenisms
Hellenistic
Hellenization
Hellenize
Heller
Hellespont
Hellespont's
Hellman
Hells
Helmholtz
Helmholtz's
Helsinki
Helsinki's
Helvetius
Helvetius's
Hemingway
Hemingway's
Hench
Hench's
Henderson
Henderson's
Hendricks
Hendrix
Henley
Hennessy
Hennessy's
Henri
Henri's
Henrietta
Henrietta's
Henry
Henry's
Hensley
Hensley's
Henson
Henson's
Hepburn
Hephaestus
Hephaestus's
Hepplewhite
Hera
Hera's
Heraclitus
Herbart
Herbert
Herculaneum
Herculaneum's
Hercules
Hercules's
Herder
Hereford
Hereford's
Herero
Heriberto
Heriberto's
Herman
Herman's
Hermaphroditus
Hermes
Hermes's
Herminia
Herminia's
Hermitage
Hermite
Hermite's
Hermosillo
Hermosillo's
Hernandez
Hernandez's
Herod
Herod's
Herodotus
Herodotus's
Herrera
Herrera's
Herrick
Herring
Herring's
Herschel
Hersey
Hersey's
Hershel
Hershel's
Hershey
Hershey's
Hertz
Hertz's
Hertzsprung
Hertzsprung's
Herzegovina
Herzl
Heshvan
Heshvan's
Hesiod
Hesperus
Hess
Hesse
Hessian
Hester
Hester's
Heston
Heston's
Hettie
Hettie's
Hewitt
Hewitt's
Hewlett
Hewlett's
Heyerdahl
Heywood
Hezbollah
Hezbollah's
Hezekiah
Hf
Hf's
Hg
Hg's
Hialeah
Hiawatha
Hiawatha's
Hibernia
Hibernia's
Hickman
Hickman's
Hickok
Hicks
Hicks's
Hieronymus
Higgins
Higgins's
Highlander
Highlander's
Highlanders
Highness
Highness's
Hilario
Hilario's
Hilary
Hilary's
Hilbert
Hilda
Hilda's
Hildebrand
Hilfiger
Hilfiger's
Hill
Hillary
Hillel
Hilton
Himalaya
Himalaya's
Himalayas
Himmler
Hinayana
Hinayana's
Hindemith
Hindenburg
Hindi
Hindu
Hindu's
Hinduism
Hinduism's
Hinduisms
Hindus
Hindustan
Hindustan's
Hindustani
Hindustani's
Hines
Hinton
Hinton's
Hipparchus
Hippocrates
Hippocrates's
Hippocratic
Hiram
Hirobumi
Hirobumi's
Hirohito
Hiroshima
Hiroshima's
Hispanic
Hispanic's
Hispanics
Hispaniola
Hispaniola's
Hiss
Hiss's
Hitachi
Hitachi's
Hitchcock
Hitler
Hitler's
Hitlers
Hittite
Hittite's
Hmong
Ho
Ho's
Hobart
Hobart's
Hobbes
Hobbs
Hockney
Hockney's
Hodge
Hodge's
Hodges
Hodgkin
Hoff
Hoff's
Hoffa
Hoffa's
Hoffman
Hoffman's
Hofstadter
Hofstadter's
Hogan
Hogan's
Hogarth
Hogwarts
Hogwarts's
Hohenlohe
Hohenstaufen
Hohenzollern
Hohenzollern's
Hohhot
Hohhot's
Hohokam
Hokkaido
Hokkaido's
Hokusai
Holbein
Holcomb
Holcomb's
Holden
Holden's
Holder
Holder's
Holiday
Holland
Holland's
Hollands
Hollerith
Hollerith's
Holley
Holley's
Hollie
Hollie's
Hollis
Holloway
Holloway's
Holly
Hollywood
Hollywood's
Holman
Holman's
Holmes
Holmes's
Holocaust
Holocene
Holocene's
Holst
Holstein
Holstein's
Holsteins
Holt
Homer
Homer's
Homeric
Hon
Honda
Honda's
Honduran
Honduran's
Hondurans
Honduras
Honduras's
Honecker
Honecker's
Honeywell
Honeywell's
Honiara
Honolulu
Honolulu's
Honshu
Honshu's
Hood
Hooke
Hooker
Hooper
Hooper's
Hoosier
Hoosier's
Hooters
Hooters's
Hoover
Hoover's
Hoovers
Hope
Hopewell
Hopewell's
Hopi
Hopi's
Hopkins
Hopper
Horace
Horacio
Horacio's
Horatio
Horatio's
Hormel
Hormel's
Hormuz
Horn
Hornblower
Hornblower's
Horne
Horne's
Horowitz
Horthy
Horton
Horton's
Horus
Horus's
Hosea
Hosea's
Hotpoint
Hotpoint's
Hottentot
Hottentot's
Houdini
House
Housman
Houston
Houston's
Houyhnhnm
Houyhnhnm's
Hovhaness
Hovhaness's
Howard
Howe
Howell
Howell's
Howells
Hoyle
Hrothgar
Hrothgar's
Huang
Hubbard
Hubble
Hubble's
Huber
Huber's
Hubert
Hubert's
Huck
Huck's
Hudson
Hudson's
Huerta
Huerta's
Huey
Huey's
Huff
Huff's
Huffman
Huffman's
Huggins
Hugh
Hugh's
Hughes
Hugo
Hugo's
Huguenot
Huguenot's
Huguenots
Hui
Huitzilopotchli
Huitzilopotchli's
Hull
Hull's
Humberto
Humberto's
Humboldt
Hume
Hummer
Hummer's
Humphrey
Humvee
Hun
Hun's
Hung
Hungarian
Hungarian's
Hungarians
Hungary
Hungary's
Huns
Hunspell
Hunspell's
Hunt
Hunter
Hunter's
Huntington
Huntington's
Huntley
Huntley's
Huntsville
Hurley
Hurley's
Huron
Hurst
Hurst's
Hus
Hussein
Husserl
Hussite
Huston
Hutchinson
Hutton
Hutton's
Hutu
Huxley
Huxley's
Huygens
Hyades
Hyades's
Hyde
Hyderabad
Hydra
Hydra's
Hymen
Hymen's
Hyperion
Hyperion's
Hyundai
Hyundai's
Hz
Hz's
Héloise
Héloise's
I
I'd
I'll
I'm
I's
I've
IBM
IBM's
ICBM's
ID's
IMF's
ING
ING's
IOU's
IQ's
IRA's
IRS's
IV's
Iaccoca
Iaccoca's
Iago
Iago's
Ian
Ian's
Iapetus
Iapetus's
Ibadan
Iberia
Iberia's
Iberian
Ibiza
Iblis
Iblis's
Ibo
Ibsen
Ibsen's
Icahn
Icahn's
Icarus
Icarus's
Iceland
Iceland's
Icelander
Icelander's
Icelanders
Icelandic
Icelandic's
Ida
Idaho
Idaho's
Idahoan
Idahoan's
Idahoans
Idahoes
Idahos
Ieyasu
Ignacio
Ignacio's
Ignatius
Igor
Igor's
Iguassu
Iguassu's
Ijssel
Ijsselmeer
Ijsselmeer's
Ike
Ike's
Ikea
Ikea's
Ikhnaton
Ila
Ilene
Ilene's
Iliad
Iliad's
Ill
Illinois
Illinois's
Illuminati
Ilyushin
Ilyushin's
Imelda
Imelda's
Imhotep
Imhotep's
Imodium
Imodium's
Imogene
Imogene's
Imus
Imus's
In
In's
Ina
Ina's
Inc
Inca
Inca's
Incas
Inchon
Inchon's
Ind
Independence
Independence's
India
India's
Indian
Indian's
Indiana
Indiana's
Indianan
Indianan's
Indianans
Indianapolis
Indianapolis's
Indians
Indies
Indira
Indira's
Indochina
Indochina's
Indochinese
Indonesia
Indonesia's
Indonesian
Indonesian's
Indonesians
Indore
Indra
Indra's
Indus
Indus's
Indy
Indy's
Ines
Inez
Inez's
Inge
Inglewood
Ingram
Ingram's
Ingres
Ingrid
Ingrid's
Innocent
Innocent's
Inonu
Inonu's
Inquisition
Instamatic
Instamatic's
Intel
Intel's
Intelsat
Internationale
Internationale's
Internet
Interpol
Inuit
Inuit's
Inuits
Inuktitut
Inuktitut's
Invar
Invar's
Io
Io's
Ionesco
Ionian
Ionian's
Ionic
Ionic's
Ionics
Iowa
Iowa's
Iowan
Iowan's
Iowans
Iowas
Iphigenia
Iqaluit
Iqaluit's
Iqbal
Iquitos
Ir
Ir's
Ira
Ira's
Iran
Iran's
Iranian
Iranian's
Iranians
Iraq
Iraq's
Iraqi
Iraqi's
Iraqis
Ireland
Ireland's
Irene
Iris
Irish
Irish's
Irisher
Irishman
Irishman's
Irishmen
Irishwoman
Irishwoman's
Irishwomen
Irkutsk
Irma
Irma's
Iroquoian
Iroquoian's
Iroquois
Iroquois's
Irrawaddy
Irtish
Irtish's
Irvin
Irvin's
Irving
Irwin
Irwin's
Isaac
Isaac's
Isabel
Isabel's
Isabella
Isabelle
Isabelle's
Isaiah
Iscariot
Isfahan
Isherwood
Ishim
Ishim's
Ishmael
Ishtar
Ishtar's
Isiah
Isiah's
Isidro
Isidro's
Isis
Isis's
Islam
Islam's
Islamabad
Islamabad's
Islamic
Islamism
Islamism's
Islamist
Islams
Ismael
Ismael's
Ismail
Ismail's
Isolde
Ispell
Ispell's
Israel
Israel's
Israeli
Israeli's
Israelis
Israelite
Israels
Issac
Issac's
Issachar
Istanbul
Istanbul's
Isuzu
Isuzu's
It
Itaipu
Itaipu's
Italian
Italian's
Italians
Italy
Italy's
Itasca
Itasca's
Ithaca
Ithacan
Ito
Iva
Iva's
Ivan
Ivanhoe
Ivanhoe's
Ives
Ivory
Ivory's
Ivy
Iyar
Iyar's
Izaak
Izaak's
Izanagi
Izanagi's
Izanami
Izanami's
Izhevsk
Izmir
Izod
Izod's
Izvestia
Izvestia's
J
J's
JFK
JFK's
Jack
Jackie
Jackie's
Jacklyn
Jacklyn's
Jackson
Jackson's
Jacksonian
Jacksonville
Jacksonville's
Jacky
Jacky's
Jaclyn
Jaclyn's
Jacob
Jacob's
Jacobean
Jacobean's
Jacobi
Jacobin
Jacobin's
Jacobite
Jacobite's
Jacobs
Jacobson
Jacobson's
Jacquard
Jacqueline
Jacqueline's
Jacquelyn
Jacquelyn's
Jacques
Jacuzzi
Jagger
Jagger's
Jagiellon
Jagiellon's
Jaguar
Jaguar's
Jahangir
Jahangir's
Jaime
Jaime's
Jain
Jainism
Jainism's
Jaipur
Jakarta
Jakarta's
Jake
Jake's
Jamaal
Jamaal's
Jamaica
Jamaica's
Jamaican
Jamaican's
Jamaicans
Jamal
Jamal's
Jamar
Jamar's
Jame
Jame's
Jamel
Jamel's
James
James's
Jamestown
Jami
Jami's
Jamie
Jamie's
Jan
Jan's
Jana
Jana's
Janacek
Janacek's
Jane
Janell
Janell's
Janelle
Janelle's
Janet
Janette
Janette's
Janice
Janice's
Janie
Janie's
Janine
Janine's
Janis
Janis's
Janissary
Janissary's
Janjaweed
Janjaweed's
Janna
Janna's
Jannie
Jannie's
Jansen
Jansen's
Jansenist
Jansenist's
Januaries
January
January's
Janus
Janus's
Japan
Japan's
Japanese
Japanese's
Japaneses
Japura
Japura's
Jared
Jared's
Jarlsberg
Jarred
Jarred's
Jarrett
Jarrett's
Jarrod
Jarrod's
Jarvis
Jarvis's
Jasmine
Jasmine's
Jason
Jason's
Jasper
Jasper's
Jataka
Java
Java's
JavaScript
JavaScript's
Javanese
Javanese's
Javas
Javier
Javier's
Jaxartes
Jay
Jayapura
Jayapura's
Jayawardene
Jayawardene's
Jaycee
Jaycees
Jayne
Jayne's
Jayson
Jayson's
Jean
Jean's
Jeanette
Jeanette's
Jeanie
Jeanie's
Jeanine
Jeanine's
Jeanne
Jeanne's
Jeannette
Jeannette's
Jeannie
Jeannie's
Jeannine
Jeannine's
Jed
Jed's
Jedi
Jedi's
Jeep
Jeeves
Jeeves's
Jeff
Jeff's
Jefferey
Jefferey's
Jefferson
Jefferson's
Jeffersonian
Jeffery
Jeffery's
Jeffrey
Jeffry
Jeffry's
Jehoshaphat
Jehovah
Jehovah's
Jekyll
Jekyll's
Jenifer
Jenifer's
Jenkins
Jenna
Jenna's
Jenner
Jennie
Jennie's
Jennifer
Jennifer's
Jennings
Jennings's
Jenny
Jenny's
Jensen
Jensen's
Jephthah
Jerald
Jerald's
Jeremiah
Jeremiah's
Jeremiahs
Jeremy
Jeremy's
Jeri
Jeri's
Jericho
Jericho's
Jermaine
Jermaine's
Jeroboam
Jerold
Jerold's
Jerome
Jerri
Jerri's
Jerrod
Jerrod's
Jerrold
Jerrold's
Jerry
Jerry's
Jersey
Jersey's
Jerseys
Jerusalem
Jerusalem's
Jess
Jess's
Jesse
Jessica
Jessica's
Jessie
Jessie's
Jesuit
Jesuit's
Jesuits
Jesus
Jetway
Jew
Jew's
Jewel
Jewel's
Jewell
Jewell's
Jewish
Jewishness
Jewry
Jews
Jezebel
Jezebel's
Jezebels
Jidda
Jilin
Jill
Jillian
Jillian's
Jim
Jim's
Jimenez
Jimenez's
Jimmie
Jimmie's
Jimmy
Jimmy's
Jinan
Jinnah
Jinny
Jinny's
Jivaro
Jo
Jo's
Joan
Joann
Joann's
Joanna
Joanna's
Joanne
Joanne's
Joaquin
Joaquin's
Job
Job's
Jobs
Jocasta
Jocelyn
Jocelyn's
Jock
Jockey
Jodi
Jodi's
Jodie
Jodie's
Jody
Jody's
Joe
Joel
Joesph
Joesph's
Joey
Joey's
Jogjakarta
Jogjakarta's
Johann
Johann's
Johanna
Johanna's
Johannes
Johannesburg
Johannesburg's
John
John's
Johnathan
Johnathan's
Johnathon
Johnathon's
Johnie
Johnie's
Johnnie
Johnny
Johnny's
Johns
Johnson
Johnson's
Johnston
Johnston's
Jolene
Jolene's
Joliet
Jolson
Jon
Jon's
Jonah
Jonah's
Jonahs
Jonas
Jonathan
Jonathan's
Jonathon
Jonathon's
Jones
Joni
Joni's
Jonson
Joplin
Jordan
Jordan's
Jordanian
Jordanian's
Jordanians
Jorge
Jorge's
Jose
Jose's
Josef
Josef's
Josefa
Josefa's
Josefina
Josefina's
Joseph
Joseph's
Josephine
Josephs
Josephson
Josephson's
Josephus
Josh
Joshua
Joshua's
Josiah
Josie
Josie's
Josue
Josue's
Joule
Jove
Jove's
Jovian
Joy
Joy's
Joyce
Joycean
Joyner
Joyner's
Jr
Jr's
Juan
Juan's
Juana
Juana's
Juanita
Juanita's
Juarez
Juarez's
Jubal
Judah
Judaic
Judaism
Judaism's
Judaisms
Judas
Judas's
Judases
Judd
Judd's
Jude
Judea
Judith
Judith's
Judson
Judson's
Judy
Juggernaut
Juggernaut's
Jul
Jules
Julia
Julia's
Julian
Juliana
Julianne
Julianne's
Julie
Julie's
Julies
Juliet
Juliette
Juliette's
Julio
Julio's
Julius
Julius's
Julliard
Julliard's
July
July's
Jun
June
June's
Juneau
Juneau's
Junes
Jung
Jung's
Jungfrau
Jungian
Junior
Junior's
Juniors
Juno
Juno's
Jupiter
Jupiter's
Jurassic
Jurassic's
Jurua
Jurua's
Justice
Justice's
Justin
Justin's
Justine
Justine's
Justinian
Justinian's
Jutland
Jutland's
Juvenal
K
K's
KFC
KFC's
KKK's
Kaaba
Kabul
Kabul's
Kafka
Kafka's
Kafkaesque
Kagoshima
Kahlua
Kahlua's
Kaifeng
Kaiser
Kaiser's
Kaitlin
Kaitlin's
Kalahari
Kalahari's
Kalamazoo
Kalashnikov
Kalb
Kalb's
Kalevala
Kalgoorlie
Kali
Kali's
Kalmyk
Kama
Kama's
Kamchatka
Kamehameha
Kamehameha's
Kampala
Kampala's
Kampuchea
Kampuchea's
Kanchenjunga
Kanchenjunga's
Kandahar
Kandinsky
Kane
Kane's
Kannada
Kannada's
Kano
Kanpur
Kans
Kansan
Kansan's
Kansans
Kansas
Kant
Kant's
Kantian
Kaohsiung
Kaposi
Kaposi's
Kara
Kara's
Karachi
Karachi's
Karaganda
Karakorum
Karamazov
Karamazov's
Kareem
Kareem's
Karen
Karen's
Karenina
Karenina's
Kari
Kari's
Karin
Karin's
Karina
Karina's
Karl
Karl's
Karla
Karla's
Karloff
Karloff's
Karo
Karo's
Karol
Karol's
Karroo
Karroo's
Karyn
Karyn's
Kasai
Kasai's
Kasey
Kasey's
Kashmir
Kashmir's
Kasparov
Kasparov's
Kate
Kate's
Katelyn
Katelyn's
Katharine
Katharine's
Katherine
Katherine's
Katheryn
Katheryn's
Kathiawar
Kathie
Kathie's
Kathleen
Kathleen's
Kathrine
Kathrine's
Kathryn
Kathryn's
Kathy
Kathy's
Katie
Katie's
Katina
Katina's
Katmai
Katmandu
Katmandu's
Katowice
Katrina
Katrina's
Katy
Katy's
Kauai
Kauai's
Kaufman
Kaufman's
Kaunas
Kaunas's
Kaunda
Kaunda's
Kawabata
Kawabata's
Kawasaki
Kay
Kaye
Kaye's
Kayla
Kayla's
Kazakh
Kazakh's
Kazakhstan
Kazakhstan's
Kazan
Kazan's
Kazantzakis
Keaton
Keaton's
Keats
Keck
Keck's
Keenan
Keenan's
Keewatin
Keillor
Keillor's
Keisha
Keisha's
Keith
Keith's
Keller
Kelley
Kelley's
Kelli
Kelli's
Kellie
Kellie's
Kellogg
Kelly
Kelsey
Kelsey's
Kelvin
Kemerovo
Kemp
Kemp's
Kempis
Ken
Kendall
Kendall's
Kendra
Kendra's
Kendrick
Kendrick's
Kenmore
Kenmore's
Kennan
Kennan's
Kennedy
Kennedy's
Kenneth
Kenneth's
Kennith
Kennith's
Kenny
Kenny's
Kent
Kent's
Kenton
Kenton's
Kentuckian
Kentuckian's
Kentuckians
Kentucky
Kentucky's
Kenya
Kenya's
Kenyan
Kenyan's
Kenyans
Kenyatta
Kenyon
Kenyon's
Keogh
Keogh's
Keokuk
Keokuk's
Kepler
Kepler's
Kerensky
Kerensky's
Keri
Keri's
Kermit
Kermit's
Kern
Kerouac
Kerr
Kerri
Kerri's
Kerry
Kettering
Keven
Keven's
Kevin
Kevin's
Kevlar
Kevorkian
Kevorkian's
Kewpie
Key
Keynes
Keynes's
Keynesian
Khabarovsk
Khachaturian
Khalid
Khalid's
Khan
Khan's
Kharkov
Kharkov's
Khartoum
Khartoum's
Khayyam
Khayyam's
Khazar
Khazar's
Khmer
Khmer's
Khoikhoi
Khoikhoi's
Khoisan
Khoisan's
Khomeini
Khomeini's
Khorana
Khorana's
Khrushchev
Khufu
Khulna
Khulna's
Khwarizmi
Khwarizmi's
Khyber
Khyber's
Kickapoo
Kidd
Kidd's
Kiel
Kierkegaard
Kieth
Kieth's
Kiev
Kiev's
Kigali
Kigali's
Kikuyu
Kilauea
Kilimanjaro
Kilimanjaro's
Kilroy
Kilroy's
Kim
Kim's
Kimberley
Kimberly
Kimberly's
King
King's
Kingston
Kingston's
Kingstown
Kingstown's
Kinko's
Kinney
Kinney's
Kinsey
Kinshasa
Kinshasa's
Kiowa
Kiowa's
Kip
Kip's
Kipling
Kipling's
Kirby
Kirby's
Kirchhoff
Kirchner
Kirchner's
Kirghistan
Kirghistan's
Kirghiz
Kirghiz's
Kiribati
Kiribati's
Kirinyaga
Kirinyaga's
Kirk
Kirkland
Kirkland's
Kirkpatrick
Kirkpatrick's
Kirov
Kirsten
Kirsten's
Kisangani
Kishinev
Kishinev's
Kislev
Kislev's
Kissinger
Kit
Kit's
Kitakyushu
Kitakyushu's
Kitchener
Kitty
Kitty's
Kiwanis
Klan
Klan's
Klansman
Klansman's
Klaus
Klaus's
Klee
Kleenex
Kleenex's
Kleenexes
Klein
Klein's
Klimt
Kline
Klingon
Klingon's
Klondike
Klondike's
Klondikes
Kmart
Kmart's
Knapp
Knapp's
Knesset
Knesset's
Kngwarreye
Kngwarreye's
Knickerbocker
Knievel
Knievel's
Knight
Knopf
Knopf's
Knossos
Knowles
Knox
Knoxville
Knudsen
Knudsen's
Knuth
Knuth's
Kobe
Koch
Kochab
Kochab's
Kodachrome
Kodachrome's
Kodak
Kodaly
Kodaly's
Kodiak
Kodiak's
Koestler
Kohinoor
Kohl
Koizumi
Koizumi's
Kojak
Kojak's
Kolyma
Kommunizma
Kommunizma's
Kong
Kong's
Kongo
Kongo's
Konrad
Konrad's
Koontz
Koontz's
Koppel
Koppel's
Koran
Koran's
Korans
Korea
Korea's
Korean
Korean's
Koreans
Kornberg
Kornberg's
Kory
Kory's
Korzybski
Kosciusko
Kossuth
Kosygin
Koufax
Koufax's
Kowloon
Kr
Kr's
Kraft
Kraft's
Krakatoa
Krakatoa's
Krakow
Krakow's
Kramer
Kramer's
Krasnodar
Krasnoyarsk
Krebs
Kremlin
Kremlinologist
Kresge
Kresge's
Kringle
Kringle's
Kris
Kris's
Krishna
Krishna's
Krishnamurti
Krishnamurti's
Krista
Krista's
Kristen
Kristen's
Kristi
Kristi's
Kristie
Kristie's
Kristin
Kristin's
Kristina
Kristina's
Kristine
Kristine's
Kristopher
Kristopher's
Kristy
Kristy's
Kroc
Kroc's
Kroger
Kroger's
Kronecker
Kronecker's
Kropotkin
Kruger
Krugerrand
Krupp
Krystal
Krystal's
Kshatriya
Kshatriya's
Kublai
Kublai's
Kubrick
Kuhn
Kuhn's
Kuibyshev
Kulthumm
Kulthumm's
Kunming
Kuomintang
Kurd
Kurdish
Kurdish's
Kurdistan
Kurile
Kurosawa
Kurt
Kurt's
Kurtis
Kurtis's
Kusch
Kusch's
Kutuzov
Kuwait
Kuwait's
Kuwaiti
Kuwaiti's
Kuwaitis
Kuznets
Kuznets's
Kuznetsk
Kuznetsk's
Kwakiutl
Kwakiutl's
Kwan
Kwan's
Kwangju
Kwanzaa
Kwanzaa's
Kwanzaas
Kyle
Kyle's
Kyoto
Kyoto's
Kyrgyzstan
Kyushu
Kyushu's
Köln
Köln's
L
L'Amour
L'Oreal
L'Ouverture
L's
LBJ
LBJ's
LCD's
LED's
LPN's
LSD's
La
La's
Laban
Labrador
Labrador's
Labradors
Lacey
Lacey's
Lachesis
Lachesis's
Lacy
Lacy's
Ladoga
Ladonna
Ladonna's
Lafayette
Lafitte
Lafitte's
Lagos
Lagos's
Lagrange
Lagrangian
Lahore
Laius
Lajos
Lajos's
Lakeisha
Lakeisha's
Lakewood
Lakisha
Lakisha's
Lakota
Lakshmi
Lakshmi's
Lamar
Lamar's
Lamarck
Lamarck's
Lamaze
Lamb
Lambert
Lamborghini
Lamborghini's
Lambrusco
Lamont
Lamont's
Lana
Lana's
Lanai
Lanai's
Lancashire
Lancaster
Lancaster's
Lance
Lance's
Lancelot
Lancelot's
Land
Landon
Landon's
Landry
Landry's
Landsat
Landsteiner
Landsteiner's
Lane
Lane's
Lang
Langerhans
Langerhans's
Langland
Langley
Langmuir
Lanny
Lanny's
Lansing
Lansing's
Lanzhou
Lanzhou's
Lao
Lao's
Laocoon
Laocoon's
Laos
Laotian
Laotian's
Laotians
Laplace
Lapland
Lapland's
Lapp
Lapp's
Lapps
Lara
Lara's
Laramie
Laramie's
Lardner
Lardner's
Laredo
Larousse
Larry
Larry's
Lars
Larsen
Larsen's
Larson
Larson's
Lascaux
Lascaux's
Lassa
Lassa's
Lassen
Lassen's
Lassie
Lassie's
Latasha
Latasha's
Lateran
Lateran's
Latin
Latin's
Latina
Latiner
Latino
Latino's
Latinos
Latins
Latisha
Latisha's
Latonya
Latonya's
Latoya
Latoya's
Latrobe
Latrobe's
Latvia
Latvia's
Latvian
Latvian's
Latvians
Laud
Lauder
Laue
Laundromat
Laura
Laura's
Laurasia
Laurasia's
Laurel
Laurel's
Lauren
Lauren's
Laurence
Laurence's
Laurent
Laurent's
Lauri
Lauri's
Laurie
Laurie's
Laval
Lavern
Lavern's
Laverne
Laverne's
Lavoisier
Lavonne
Lavonne's
Lawanda
Lawanda's
Lawrence
Lawson
Layamon
Layla
Layla's
Lazaro
Lazaro's
Lazarus
Lazarus's
Le
Le's
Lea
Lea's
Leach
Leach's
Leadbelly
Leah
Leakey
Leakey's
Lean
Lean's
Leander
Leann
Leann's
Leanna
Leanna's
Leanne
Leanne's
Lear
Lear's
Learjet
Learjet's
Leary
Leary's
Leavenworth
Lebanese
Lebanese's
Lebanon
Lebanon's
Lebesgue
Lebesgue's
Leblanc
Leblanc's
Leda
Lederberg
Lederberg's
Lee
Lee's
Leeds
Leeds's
Leeuwenhoek
Leeward
Leeward's
Left
Legendre
Leger
Leger's
Leghorn
Lego
Lego's
Legree
Legree's
Lehman
Lehman's
Leibniz
Leibniz's
Leicester
Leicester's
Leiden
Leiden's
Leif
Leif's
Leigh
Leila
Leila's
Leipzig
Leipzig's
Lela
Lela's
Leland
Leland's
Lelia
Lelia's
Lemaitre
Lemaitre's
Lemuel
Lemuel's
Lemuria
Lemuria's
Len
Len's
Lena
Lena's
Lenard
Lenard's
Lenin
Lenin's
Leningrad
Leningrad's
Leninism
Leninism's
Leninist
Lennon
Lennon's
Lenny
Lenny's
Leno
Leno's
Lenoir
Lenoir's
Lenora
Lenora's
Lenore
Lenore's
Lent
Lent's
Lenten
Lents
Leo
Leo's
Leola
Leola's
Leon
Leona
Leona's
Leonard
Leonard's
Leonardo
Leonardo's
Leoncavallo
Leonel
Leonel's
Leonid
Leonidas
Leonidas's
Leonor
Leonor's
Leopold
Leopold's
Leopoldo
Leopoldo's
Leos
Lepidus
Lepke
Lepke's
Lepus
Lepus's
Lerner
Leroy
Leroy's
Les
Lesa
Lesa's
Lesley
Lesley's
Leslie
Leslie's
Lesotho
Lesotho's
Lesseps
Lessie
Lessie's
Lester
Lester's
Lestrade
Lestrade's
Leta
Leta's
Letha
Letha's
Lethe
Lethe's
Leticia
Leticia's
Letitia
Letitia's
Letterman
Letterman's
Levant
Levant's
Levesque
Levesque's
Levi
Levi's
Leviathan
Levine
Levine's
Leviticus
Leviticus's
Levitt
Levitt's
Levy
Levy's
Lew
Lew's
Lewinsky
Lewinsky's
Lewis
Lexington
Lexington's
Lexus
Lexus's
Lhasa
Lhasa's
Lhotse
Lhotse's
Li
Li's
Libby
Liberace
Liberace's
Liberia
Liberia's
Liberian
Liberian's
Liberians
Libra
Libra's
Libras
Libreville
Libreville's
Librium
Librium's
Libya
Libya's
Libyan
Libyan's
Libyans
Lichtenstein
Lidia
Lidia's
Lie
Lieberman
Lieberman's
Liebfraumilch
Liechtenstein
Liechtenstein's
Liege
Liege's
Lila
Lila's
Lilia
Lilia's
Lilian
Lilian's
Liliana
Liliana's
Lilith
Lilith's
Liliuokalani
Lille
Lillian
Lillian's
Lillie
Lillie's
Lilliput
Lilliput's
Lilliputian
Lilliputian's
Lilliputians
Lilly
Lilly's
Lilongwe
Lilongwe's
Lily
Lily's
Lima
Lima's
Limbaugh
Limbaugh's
Limburger
Limoges
Limousin
Limousin's
Limpopo
Limpopo's
Lin
Lin's
Lina
Lina's
Lincoln
Lincoln's
Lincolns
Lind
Linda
Linda's
Lindbergh
Lindsay
Lindsey
Lindy
Linnaeus
Linnaeus's
Linotype
Linton
Linton's
Linus
Linus's
Linux
Linwood
Linwood's
Lionel
Lionel's
Lipizzaner
Lippi
Lippmann
Lipscomb
Lipscomb's
Lipton
Lipton's
Lisa
Lisa's
Lisbon
Lisbon's
Lissajous
Lissajous's
Lister
Lister's
Listerine
Listerine's
Liston
Liston's
Liszt
Lithuania
Lithuania's
Lithuanian
Lithuanian's
Lithuanians
Little
Little's
Litton
Litton's
Liverpool
Liverpool's
Liverpudlian
Liverpudlian's
Livia
Livia's
Livingston
Livingstone
Livonia
Livonia's
Livy
Liz
Liz's
Liza
Liza's
Lizzie
Lizzie's
Lizzy
Lizzy's
Ljubljana
Ljubljana's
Llewellyn
Lloyd
Ln
Loafer
Loafer's
Loafers
Lobachevsky
Lochinvar
Locke
Locke's
Lockean
Lockheed
Lockheed's
Lockwood
Lockwood's
Lodge
Lodz
Lodz's
Loewe
Loewi
Loews
Loews's
Logan
Logan's
Lohengrin
Loire
Loire's
Lois
Lois's
Loki
Loki's
Lola
Lola's
Lolita
Lollard
Lollobrigida
Lollobrigida's
Lombard
Lombard's
Lombardi
Lombardi's
Lombardy
Lombardy's
Lome
Lome's
Lon
Lon's
London
London's
Londoner
Londoner's
Long
Longfellow
Longfellow's
Longstreet
Longstreet's
Lonnie
Lonnie's
Lopez
Lopez's
Lora
Lora's
Loraine
Loraine's
Lord
Lord's
Lords
Lorelei
Lorelei's
Loren
Lorena
Lorena's
Lorene
Lorene's
Lorentz
Lorenz
Lorenzo
Lorenzo's
Loretta
Loretta's
Lori
Lori's
Lorie
Lorie's
Lorna
Lorna's
Lorraine
Lorraine's
Lorre
Lorre's
Lorrie
Lorrie's
Lot
Lot's
Lothario
Lothario's
Lott
Lott's
Lottie
Lottie's
Lou
Lou's
Louella
Louella's
Louie
Louie's
Louis
Louisa
Louisa's
Louise
Louise's
Louisiana
Louisiana's
Louisianan
Louisianan's
Louisianans
Louisianian
Louisianian's
Louisianians
Louisville
Louisville's
Lourdes
Louvre
Louvre's
Love
Love's
Lovecraft
Lovecraft's
Lovelace
Lowe
Lowe's
Lowell
Lowenbrau
Lowenbrau's
Lowery
Lowery's
Loyang
Loyang's
Loyd
Loyd's
Loyola
Lr
Lt
Ltd
Lu
Lu's
Luanda
Luanda's
Luann
Luann's
Lubavitcher
Lubbock
Lubumbashi
Lucas
Luce
Luce's
Lucia
Lucia's
Lucian
Luciano
Luciano's
Lucien
Lucien's
Lucifer
Lucifer's
Lucile
Lucile's
Lucille
Lucille's
Lucinda
Lucinda's
Lucio
Lucio's
Lucite
Lucite's
Lucius
Lucius's
Lucknow
Lucknow's
Lucretia
Lucretius
Lucy
Lucy's
Luddite
Luddite's
Ludhiana
Ludwig
Ludwig's
Luella
Luella's
Lufthansa
Lufthansa's
Luftwaffe
Luger
Luger's
Lugosi
Lugosi's
Luigi
Luigi's
Luis
Luis's
Luisa
Luisa's
Luke
Luke's
Lula
Lula's
Lully
Lulu
Lulu's
Lumière
Lumière's
Luna
Luna's
Lupe
Lupe's
Lupercalia
Lupus
Lupus's
Luria
Luria's
Lusaka
Lusaka's
Lusitania
Lusitania's
Luther
Luther's
Lutheran
Lutheran's
Lutheranism
Lutheranism's
Lutherans
Luvs
Luvs's
Luxembourg
Luxembourg's
Luxembourger
Luxembourger's
Luxembourgers
Luz
Luz's
Luzon
Luzon's
Lvov
LyX
LyX's
Lycra
Lycurgus
Lydia
Lyell
Lyle
Lyle's
Lyly
Lyman
Lyman's
Lyme
Lyme's
Lynch
Lynda
Lynda's
Lyndon
Lyndon's
Lynette
Lynette's
Lynn
Lynne
Lynne's
Lynnette
Lynnette's
Lyon
Lyon's
Lyons
Lyra
Lyra's
Lysenko
Lysistrata
Lysistrata's
Lysol
Lysol's
M
M's
MA's
MB's
MBA's
MCI
MCI's
MD's
MGM
MGM's
MHz
MI's
MIT
MIT's
MP's
MRI's
MS's
MSG's
MST's
MT's
MVP's
Maalox
Maalox's
Mabel
Mabel's
Mable
Mable's
Mac
MacArthur
MacBride
MacBride's
MacDonald
MacLeish
MacLeish's
Macao
Macao's
Macaulay
Macbeth
Maccabeus
Maccabeus's
Mace
Macedon
Macedon's
Macedonia
Macedonia's
Macedonian
Macedonian's
Macedonians
Mach
Machiavelli
Machiavelli's
Machiavellian
Macias
Macias's
Macintosh
Macintosh's
Mack
Mack's
Mackenzie
Mackenzie's
Mackinac
Mackinac's
Mackinaw
Macmillan
Macon
Macumba
Macumba's
Macy
Macy's
Madagascan
Madagascan's
Madagascans
Madagascar
Madagascar's
Madden
Madden's
Maddox
Maddox's
Madeira
Madeira's
Madeiras
Madeleine
Madeleine's
Madeline
Madeline's
Madelyn
Madelyn's
Madge
Madge's
Madison
Madison's
Madonna
Madonna's
Madonnas
Madras
Madras's
Madrid
Madrid's
Madurai
Madurai's
Mae
Mae's
Maeterlinck
Maeterlinck's
Mafia
Mafia's
Mafias
Mafioso
Magdalena
Magdalene
Magdalene's
Magellan
Magellan's
Magellanic
Maggie
Maggie's
Maghreb
Maghreb's
Magi
Maginot
Maginot's
Magnitogorsk
Magog
Magoo
Magoo's
Magritte
Magsaysay
Magsaysay's
Magyar
Magyar's
Magyars
Mahabharata
Mahabharata's
Maharashtra
Maharashtra's
Mahavira
Mahavira's
Mahayana
Mahayana's
Mahayanist
Mahayanist's
Mahdi
Mahfouz
Mahfouz's
Mahican
Mahican's
Mahicans
Mahler
Mai
Mai's
Maidenform
Maidenform's
Maigret
Maigret's
Mailer
Maillol
Maiman
Maiman's
Maimonides
Maine
Maine's
Maisie
Maisie's
Maitreya
Maitreya's
Maj
Major
Majorca
Majorca's
Majuro
Makarios
Makarios's
Malabar
Malabar's
Malabo
Malabo's
Malacca
Malachi
Malagasy
Malamud
Malaprop
Malaprop's
Malawi
Malawi's
Malay
Malay's
Malayalam
Malayalam's
Malayan
Malayan's
Malays
Malaysia
Malaysia's
Malaysian
Malaysian's
Malaysians
Malcolm
Maldive
Maldive's
Maldives
Maldives's
Maldivian
Maldivian's
Maldivians
Maldonado
Maldonado's
Male
Male's
Mali
Malian
Malian's
Malians
Malibu
Malibu's
Malinda
Malinda's
Malinowski
Mallarmé
Mallomars
Mallomars's
Mallory
Mallory's
Malone
Malone's
Malory
Malory's
Malplaquet
Malplaquet's
Malraux
Malta
Malta's
Maltese
Maltese's
Malthus
Malthus's
Malthusian
Malthusian's
Mameluke
Mamet
Mamie
Mamie's
Mammon
Mammon's
Mamore
Mamore's
Man
Man's
Managua
Managua's
Manama
Manama's
Manasseh
Manaus
Manchester
Manchester's
Manchu
Manchu's
Manchuria
Manchuria's
Manchurian
Mancini
Mancini's
Mandalay
Mandalay's
Mandarin
Mandarin's
Mandela
Mandelbrot
Mandingo
Mandrell
Mandrell's
Mandy
Mandy's
Manet
Manfred
Manfred's
Manhattan
Manhattan's
Manhattans
Mani
Manichean
Manila
Manila's
Manilas
Manilla
Manilla's
Manitoba
Manitoba's
Manitoulin
Manitoulin's
Manley
Manley's
Mann
Mannheim
Mannheim's
Manning
Mansfield
Manson
Manson's
Mantegna
Mantle
Mantle's
Manuel
Manuel's
Manuela
Manuela's
Manx
Manx's
Mao
Mao's
Maoism
Maoism's
Maoisms
Maoist
Maoist's
Maoists
Maori
Maori's
Maoris
Mapplethorpe
Mapplethorpe's
Maputo
Maputo's
Mar
Mar's
Mara
Mara's
Maracaibo
Marat
Maratha
Maratha's
Marathi
Marathi's
Marathon
Marathon's
Marc
Marceau
Marcel
Marcel's
Marcelino
Marcelino's
Marcella
Marcella's
Marcelo
Marcelo's
March
March's
Marches
Marci
Marci's
Marcia
Marcia's
Marciano
Marcie
Marcie's
Marco
Marco's
Marconi
Marcos
Marcus
Marcus's
Marcy
Marcy's
Marduk
Marduk's
Margaret
Margarita
Margarito
Margarito's
Marge
Marge's
Margery
Margery's
Margie
Margie's
Margo
Margo's
Margret
Margret's
Margrethe
Margrethe's
Marguerite
Marguerite's
Mari
Mari's
Maria
Maria's
Marian
Mariana
Mariana's
Marianas
Marianne
Mariano
Mariano's
Maribel
Maribel's
Maricela
Maricela's
Marie
Marie's
Marietta
Marietta's
Marilyn
Marilyn's
Marin
Marina
Marina's
Marine
Marine's
Marines
Mario
Mario's
Marion
Marion's
Maris
Marisa
Marisa's
Marisol
Marisol's
Marissa
Marissa's
Maritain
Maritza
Maritza's
Marius
Marjorie
Marjorie's
Marjory
Marjory's
Mark
Mark's
Markab
Markab's
Markham
Markov
Marks
Marla
Marla's
Marlboro
Marlboro's
Marlborough
Marlene
Marlene's
Marley
Marley's
Marlin
Marlon
Marlon's
Marlowe
Marmara
Marmara's
Marne
Maronite
Marple
Marple's
Marquesas
Marquesas's
Marquette
Marquez
Marquez's
Marquis
Marquita
Marquita's
Marrakesh
Marrakesh's
Marriott
Marriott's
Mars
Mars's
Marsala
Marsala's
Marseillaise
Marseillaise's
Marseilles
Marsh
Marsh's
Marsha
Marsha's
Marshall
Marshall's
Marta
Marta's
Martel
Martha
Martial
Martian
Martian's
Martians
Martin
Martina
Martina's
Martinez
Martinez's
Martinique
Martinique's
Marty
Marty's
Marva
Marva's
Marvell
Marvell's
Marvin
Marx
Marx's
Marxism
Marxism's
Marxisms
Marxist
Marxist's
Marxists
Mary
Mary's
Maryann
Maryann's
Maryanne
Maryanne's
Maryellen
Maryellen's
Maryland
Maryland's
Marylander
Marylou
Marylou's
Masada
Masada's
Masai
Masai's
Masaryk
Mascagni
Masefield
Maserati
Maserati's
Maseru
Maseru's
Mashhad
Mashhad's
Mason
Mason's
Masonic
Masonite
Masonite's
Masons
Mass
Mass's
Massachusetts
Massasoit
Massenet
Masses
Massey
MasterCard
MasterCard's
Masters
Mather
Mathew
Mathew's
Mathews
Mathewson
Mathewson's
Mathias
Mathis
Matilda
Matisse
Matt
Mattel
Mattel's
Matterhorn
Matterhorn's
Matthew
Matthew's
Matthews
Matthias
Mattie
Mattie's
Maud
Maud's
Maude
Maude's
Maugham
Maui
Maui's
Maupassant
Maura
Maura's
Maureen
Maureen's
Mauriac
Maurice
Mauricio
Mauricio's
Maurine
Maurine's
Mauritania
Mauritania's
Mauritius
Mauritius's
Mauro
Mauro's
Maurois
Mauryan
Mauryan's
Mauser
Mavis
Mavis's
Max
Max's
Maximilian
Maxine
Maxine's
Maxwell
May
May's
Maya
Maya's
Mayan
Mayan's
Mayans
Mayas
Mayer
Mayfair
Mayflower
Mayflower's
Maynard
Maynard's
Mayo
Mayra
Mayra's
Mays
Maytag
Maytag's
Mazama
Mazama's
Mazarin
Mazatlan
Mazatlan's
Mazda
Mazola
Mazola's
Mazzini
Mazzini's
Mb
Mbabane
Mbabane's
Mbini
Mbini's
McAdam
McAdam's
McBride
McBride's
McCain
McCain's
McCall
McCall's
McCarthy
McCarthyism
McCarthyism's
McCartney
McCartney's
McCarty
McCarty's
McClain
McClain's
McClellan
McClure
McClure's
McConnell
McConnell's
McCormick
McCoy
McCray
McCray's
McCullough
McCullough's
McDaniel
McDaniel's
McDonald
McDonald's
McDonnell
McDonnell's
McDowell
McDowell's
McEnroe
McEnroe's
McFadden
McFadden's
McFarland
McFarland's
McGee
McGee's
McGovern
McGovern's
McGowan
McGowan's
McGuffey
McGuffey's
McGuire
McGuire's
McIntosh
McIntosh's
McIntyre
McIntyre's
McKay
McKay's
McKee
McKee's
McKenzie
McKenzie's
McKinley
McKinley's
McKinney
McKinney's
McKnight
McKnight's
McLaughlin
McLaughlin's
McLean
McLean's
McLeod
McLeod's
McLuhan
McLuhan's
McMahon
McMahon's
McMillan
McMillan's
McNamara
McNamara's
McNaughton
McNaughton's
McNeil
McNeil's
McPherson
McPherson's
McQueen
McQueen's
McVeigh
McVeigh's
Md
Md's
Mead
Meade
Meadows
Meagan
Meagan's
Meany
Meany's
Mecca
Mecca's
Meccas
Medan
Medea
Medea's
Medellin
Media
Medicaid
Medicaid's
Medicaids
Medicare
Medicare's
Medicares
Medici
Medina
Mediterranean
Mediterranean's
Mediterraneans
Medusa
Medusa's
Meg
Meg's
Megan
Megan's
Meghan
Meghan's
Meier
Meier's
Meighen
Meighen's
Meiji
Meiji's
Meir
Mejia
Mejia's
Mekong
Mekong's
Mel
Mel's
Melanesia
Melanesia's
Melanesian
Melanie
Melanie's
Melba
Melbourne
Melbourne's
Melchior
Melchizedek
Melendez
Melendez's
Melinda
Melinda's
Melisa
Melisa's
Melisande
Melisande's
Melissa
Melissa's
Mellon
Melody
Melody's
Melpomene
Melpomene's
Melton
Melton's
Melva
Melva's
Melville
Melville's
Melvin
Melvin's
Memling
Memphis
Memphis's
Menander
Mencius
Mencken
Mendel
Mendel's
Mendeleev
Mendeleev's
Mendelian
Mendelssohn
Mendez
Mendez's
Mendocino
Mendocino's
Mendoza
Menelaus
Menelaus's
Menelik
Menelik's
Menes
Menkalinan
Menkalinan's
Menkar
Menkar's
Menkent
Menkent's
Mennen
Mennen's
Mennonite
Mennonite's
Mennonites
Menominee
Menominee's
Menotti
Mensa
Mentholatum
Mentholatum's
Menuhin
Menuhin's
Menzies
Mephistopheles
Merak
Merak's
Mercado
Mercado's
Mercator
Mercedes
Mercer
Mercer's
Mercia
Merck
Merck's
Mercuries
Mercurochrome
Mercurochrome's
Mercury
Mercury's
Meredith
Merino
Merle
Merle's
Merlin
Merlin's
Merlot
Merovingian
Merriam
Merriam's
Merrick
Merrick's
Merrill
Merrill's
Merrimack
Merrimack's
Merritt
Merritt's
Merthiolate
Merthiolate's
Merton
Mervin
Mervin's
Mesa
Mesabi
Mesabi's
Mesmer
Mesmer's
Mesolithic
Mesopotamia
Mesopotamia's
Mesozoic
Mesozoic's
Messerschmidt
Messerschmidt's
Messiaen
Messiah
Messiah's
Messiahs
Messianic
Metallica
Metallica's
Metamucil
Metamucil's
Methodism
Methodism's
Methodisms
Methodist
Methodist's
Methodists
Methuselah
Metternich
Meuse
Meuse's
Mexicali
Mexican
Mexican's
Mexicans
Mexico
Mexico's
Meyer
Meyer's
Meyerbeer
Meyers
Mfume
Mfume's
Mg
Mg's
MiG
Mia
Mia's
Miami
Miami's
Miamis
Miaplacidus
Miaplacidus's
Micah
Micawber
Mich
Michael
Micheal
Micheal's
Michel
Michel's
Michelangelo
Michelangelo's
Michele
Michele's
Michelin
Michelin's
Michelle
Michelle's
Michelob
Michelob's
Michelson
Michigan
Michigan's
Michigander
Michigander's
Michiganders
Mick
Mick's
Mickey
Mickey's
Mickie
Mickie's
Micky
Micky's
Micmac
Micmac's
Micronesia
Micronesia's
Micronesian
Microsoft
Microsoft's
Midas
Midas's
Middleton
Midland
Midway
Midway's
Midwest
Midwest's
Midwestern
Miguel
Miguel's
Mike
Mike's
Mikhail
Mikhail's
Mikoyan
Mikoyan's
Milagros
Milagros's
Milan
Milan's
Mildred
Mildred's
Miles
Milford
Milford's
Milken
Milken's
Mill
Millard
Millard's
Millay
Miller
Millet
Millicent
Millicent's
Millie
Millie's
Millikan
Mills
Milne
Milo
Milo's
Milosevic
Milosevic's
Milquetoast
Milquetoast's
Miltiades
Milton
Miltonic
Miltown
Miltown's
Milwaukee
Milwaukee's
Mimi
Mimi's
Mimosa
Mimosa's
Min
Min's
Minamoto
Minamoto's
Mindanao
Mindoro
Mindoro's
Mindy
Mindy's
Minerva
Minerva's
Ming
Mingus
Mingus's
Minn
Minneapolis
Minneapolis's
Minnelli
Minnelli's
Minnesota
Minnesota's
Minnesotan
Minnesotan's
Minnesotans
Minnie
Minnie's
Minoan
Minoan's
Minoans
Minolta
Minolta's
Minos
Minos's
Minot
Minot's
Minotaur
Minotaur's
Minsk
Minsk's
Minsky
Minsky's
Mintaka
Mintaka's
Minuit
Miocene
Miocene's
Mir
Mir's
Mira
Mira's
Mirabeau
Mirach
Mirach's
Miranda
Mirfak
Mirfak's
Miriam
Miriam's
Miro
Mirzam
Mirzam's
Miskito
Miss
Mississauga
Mississippi
Mississippi's
Mississippian
Mississippian's
Mississippians
Missouri
Missouri's
Missourian
Missourian's
Missourians
Missy
Missy's
Mistassini
Mister
Misty
Misty's
Mitch
Mitch's
Mitchel
Mitchel's
Mitchell
Mitford
Mitford's
Mithra
Mithra's
Mithridates
Mithridates's
Mitsubishi
Mitsubishi's
Mitterrand
Mitterrand's
Mitty
Mitty's
Mitzi
Mitzi's
Mixtec
Mizar
Mn
Mn's
Mnemosyne
Mnemosyne's
Mo
Mo's
Mobil
Mobil's
Mobile
Mobile's
Mobutu
Mobutu's
Modesto
Modigliani
Moe
Moe's
Moet
Moet's
Mogadishu
Mohacs
Mohacs's
Mohamed
Mohamed's
Mohammad
Mohammad's
Mohammed
Mohammed's
Mohammedan
Mohammedan's
Mohammedanism
Mohammedanism's
Mohammedanisms
Mohammedans
Mohawk
Mohawk's
Mohawks
Mohican
Mohican's
Mohicans
Moho
Moho's
Mohorovicic
Mohorovicic's
Moira
Moises
Moiseyev
Moiseyev's
Mojave
Mojave's
Moldavia
Moldavia's
Moldova
Moldova's
Moliere
Moliere's
Molina
Moll
Moll's
Mollie
Mollie's
Molly
Molly's
Molnar
Molnar's
Moloch
Moloch's
Molokai
Molokai's
Molotov
Molotov's
Moluccas
Mombasa
Mombasa's
Mon
Mon's
Mona
Mona's
Monaco
Monaco's
Mondale
Mondale's
Monday
Monday's
Mondays
Mondrian
Monera
Monera's
Monet
Mongol
Mongol's
Mongolia
Mongolia's
Mongolian
Mongolian's
Mongolians
Mongoloid
Mongols
Monica
Monica's
Monique
Monique's
Monk
Monk's
Monmouth
Monongahela
Monroe
Monroe's
Monrovia
Monrovia's
Mons
Monsanto
Monsanto's
Mont
Montague
Montaigne
Montana
Montana's
Montanan
Montanan's
Montanans
Montcalm
Monte
Monte's
Montenegrin
Montenegro
Montenegro's
Monterrey
Montesquieu
Montessori
Monteverdi
Montevideo
Montevideo's
Montezuma
Montezuma's
Montgolfier
Montgomery
Montgomery's
Monticello
Montoya
Montoya's
Montpelier
Montpelier's
Montrachet
Montreal
Montreal's
Montserrat
Montserrat's
Monty
Monty's
Moody
Moog
Moon
Moon's
Mooney
Mooney's
Moor
Moor's
Moore
Moorish
Moorish's
Moors
Morales
Morales's
Moran
Moran's
Moravia
Moravian
Mordred
More
Moreno
Moreno's
Morgan
Morgan's
Moriarty
Moriarty's
Morin
Morin's
Morison
Morison's
Morita
Morita's
Morley
Mormon
Mormon's
Mormonism
Mormonism's
Mormonisms
Mormons
Moro
Moroccan
Moroccan's
Moroccans
Morocco
Morocco's
Moroni
Morpheus
Morpheus's
Morphy
Morphy's
Morris
Morrison
Morrow
Morrow's
Morse
Morse's
Mort
Mort's
Mortimer
Morton
Morton's
Mosaic
Mosaic's
Moscow
Moscow's
Moseley
Moselle
Moselle's
Moses
Moses's
Moslem
Moslem's
Moslems
Mosley
Mosley's
Moss
Moss's
Mosul
Motorola
Motorola's
Motown
Motown's
Motrin
Motrin's
Mott
Mount
Mountbatten
Mountie
Mountie's
Mounties
Moussorgsky
Mouthe
Mouthe's
Mouton
Mouton's
Mowgli
Mowgli's
Mozambican
Mozambican's
Mozambicans
Mozambique
Mozambique's
Mozart
Mozart's
Mozilla
Mozilla's
Mr
Mr's
Mrs
Ms
Mt
Muawiya
Muawiya's
Mubarak
Mubarak's
Mueller
Mueller's
Muenster
Muenster's
Mugabe
Mugabe's
Muhammad
Muhammad's
Muhammadan
Muhammadan's
Muhammadanism
Muhammadanism's
Muhammadanisms
Muhammadans
Muir
Mujib
Mujib's
Mulder
Mulder's
Mullen
Mullen's
Muller
Muller's
Mulligan
Mulligan's
Mullikan
Mullikan's
Mullins
Mulroney
Mulroney's
Multan
Mumbai
Mumbai's
Mumford
Munch
Munich
Munich's
Munoz
Munoz's
Munro
Muppet
Muppet's
Murasaki
Murasaki's
Murat
Murchison
Murchison's
Murdoch
Muriel
Muriel's
Murillo
Murine
Murine's
Murmansk
Murphy
Murray
Murray's
Murrow
Murrow's
Murrumbidgee
Muscat
Muscat's
Muscovite
Muscovite's
Muscovy
Muscovy's
Muse
Muse's
Musharraf
Musharraf's
Musial
Musial's
Muskogee
Muskogee's
Muslim
Muslim's
Muslims
Mussolini
Mussolini's
Mussorgsky
Mutsuhito
Mutsuhito's
Muzak
MySpace
MySpace's
Myanmar
Myanmar's
Mycenae
Mycenae's
Mycenaean
Myers
Mylar
Mylar's
Mylars
Myles
Myles's
Myra
Myra's
Myrdal
Myrdal's
Myrna
Myrna's
Myron
Myrtle
Myrtle's
Mysore
Myst
Myst's
Münchhausen
Münchhausen's
N
N's
NASA's
NASCAR
NASCAR's
NASDAQ's
NATO's
NE's
NORAD
NORAD's
NW's
Na
Na's
Nabisco
Nabisco's
Nabokov
Nader
Nadia
Nadia's
Nadine
Nadine's
Nagasaki
Nagasaki's
Nagoya
Nagpur
Nagy
Nahuatl
Nahuatl's
Nahum
Naipaul
Naipaul's
Nair
Nair's
Nairobi
Nairobi's
Naismith
Naismith's
Nam
Nam's
Namath
Namath's
Namibia
Namibia's
Namibian
Namibian's
Namibians
Nan
Nan's
Nanak
Nanchang
Nancy
Nanette
Nanette's
Nanjing
Nanjing's
Nanking
Nanking's
Nankings
Nannie
Nannie's
Nanook
Nanook's
Nansen
Nantes
Nantes's
Nantucket
Nantucket's
Naomi
Naomi's
Naphtali
Naphtali's
Napier
Napier's
Naples
Naples's
Napoleon
Napoleon's
Napoleonic
Napster
Napster's
Narcissus
Narcissus's
Narmada
Narmada's
Narnia
Narnia's
Narragansett
Nash
Nashua
Nashville
Nashville's
Nassau
Nassau's
Nasser
Nasser's
Nat
Nat's
Natalia
Natalia's
Natalie
Natalie's
Natasha
Natasha's
Natchez
Nate
Nate's
Nathan
Nathaniel
Nathaniel's
Nathans
Nation
Nationwide
Nationwide's
Naugahyde
Nauru
Nauru's
Nautilus
Navaho
Navaho's
Navahoes
Navahos
Navajo
Navajo's
Navajoes
Navajos
Navarre
Navarro
Navarro's
Navratilova
Navratilova's
Nazarene
Nazareth
Nazca
Nazi
Nazi's
Naziism
Naziism's
Naziisms
Nazis
Nazism
Nazism's
Nazisms
Nb
Nb's
Nd
Nd's
Ndjamena
Ndjamena's
Ne
Ne's
Neal
Neal's
Neanderthal
Neanderthal's
Neanderthals
Neapolitan
Nebraska
Nebraska's
Nebraskan
Nebraskan's
Nebraskans
Nebuchadnezzar
Ned
Ned's
Nefertiti
Negev
Negev's
Negro
Negro's
Negroes
Negroid
Negroid's
Negroids
Negros
Nehemiah
Nehru
Nehru's
Neil
Neil's
Nelda
Nelda's
Nell
Nell's
Nellie
Nellie's
Nelly
Nelly's
Nelsen
Nelsen's
Nelson
Nembutal
Nembutal's
Nemesis
Nemesis's
Neogene
Neolithic
Nepal
Nepal's
Nepalese
Nepalese's
Nepali
Nepali's
Neptune
Neptune's
Nereid
Nereid's
Nerf
Nero
Neruda
Nescafe
Nescafe's
Nesselrode
Nestle
Nestle's
Nestor
Nestor's
Nestorius
Netflix
Netflix's
Netherlander
Netherlander's
Netherlanders
Netherlands
Netscape
Netscape's
Nettie
Nettie's
Netzahualcoyotl
Netzahualcoyotl's
Nev
Neva
Nevada
Nevada's
Nevadan
Nevadan's
Nevadans
Nevis
Nevis's
Nevsky
Nevsky's
Newark
Newark's
Newcastle
Newcastle's
Newfoundland
Newfoundland's
Newfoundlands
Newman
Newport
Newport's
Newsweek
Newsweek's
Newton
Newton's
Newtonian
Newtonian's
Nexis
Ngaliema
Ngaliema's
Nguyen
Nguyen's
Ni
Niagara
Niagara's
Niamey
Niamey's
Nibelung
Nicaea
Nicaragua
Nicaragua's
Nicaraguan
Nicaraguan's
Nicaraguans
Niccolo
Niccolo's
Nice
Nice's
Nicene
Nichiren
Nichiren's
Nicholas
Nichole
Nichole's
Nichols
Nicholson
Nick
Nick's
Nickelodeon
Nickelodeon's
Nicklaus
Nickolas
Nicobar
Nicobar's
Nicodemus
Nicola
Nicola's
Nicolas
Nicole
Nicole's
Nicosia
Nicosia's
Niebuhr
Niebuhr's
Nielsen
Nietzsche
Nieves
Nieves's
Nigel
Nigel's
Niger
Niger's
Nigeria
Nigeria's
Nigerian
Nigerian's
Nigerians
Nightingale
Nightingale's
Nijinsky
Nike
Nike's
Nikita
Nikita's
Nikkei
Nikki
Nikki's
Nikolai
Nikolai's
Nikolayev
Nikon
Nikon's
Nile
Nile's
Nimitz
Nimrod
Nina
Nina's
Nineveh
Nineveh's
Nintendo
Niobe
Nippon
Nippon's
Nirenberg
Nirenberg's
Nirvana
Nisan
Nisan's
Nisei
Nissan
Nissan's
Nita
Nita's
Nivea
Nivea's
Nixon
Nixon's
Nkrumah
NoDoz
NoDoz's
Noah
Noah's
Nobel
Nobelist
Nobelist's
Nobelists
Noble
Noble's
Noe
Noe's
Noel
Noel's
Noelle
Noelle's
Noels
Noemi
Noemi's
Noh
Nokia
Nokia's
Nola
Nola's
Nolan
Nolan's
Nome
Nona
Nona's
Nootka
Nootka's
Nora
Nora's
Norbert
Norbert's
Norberto
Norberto's
Nordic
Nordic's
Nordics
Noreen
Noreen's
Norfolk
Norfolk's
Noriega
Noriega's
Norma
Norman
Norman's
Normand
Normand's
Normandy
Normandy's
Normans
Norplant
Norris
Norse
Norse's
Norseman
Norseman's
Norsemen
North
North's
Northampton
Northeast
Northeast's
Northeasts
Northerner
Northerner's
Northrop
Northrop's
Northrup
Northrup's
Norths
Northwest
Northwest's
Northwests
Norton
Norton's
Norway
Norway's
Norwegian
Norwegian's
Norwegians
Norwich
Nosferatu
Nosferatu's
Nostradamus
Nottingham
Nouakchott
Nouakchott's
Noumea
Noumea's
Nov
Nov's
Nova
Novartis
Novartis's
November
November's
Novembers
Novgorod
Novocain
Novocain's
Novocaine
Novokuznetsk
Novosibirsk
Novosibirsk's
Noxzema
Noxzema's
Noyce
Noyce's
Noyes
Noyes's
Np
Np's
Nubia
Nubian
Nukualofa
Numbers
Numbers's
Nunavut
Nunavut's
Nunez
Nunez's
Nunki
Nunki's
Nuremberg
Nureyev
NutraSweet
NutraSweet's
NyQuil
NyQuil's
Nyasa
Nyasa's
Nyerere
Nyerere's
O
O'Brien
O'Casey
O'Connell
O'Connor
O'Donnell
O'Hara
O'Higgins
O'Keeffe
O'Neil
O'Neill
O'Rourke
O'Toole
O's
OAS's
OD's
OHSA
OHSA's
OK
OK's
OKs
OPEC's
OSHA's
Oahu
Oahu's
Oakland
Oakland's
Oakley
Oates
Oaxaca
Oaxaca's
Ob
Ob's
Obadiah
Obama
Obama's
Oberlin
Oberlin's
Oberon
Occam
Occident
Occidental
Occidental's
Occidentals
Oceania
Oceania's
Oceanus
Oceanus's
Ochoa
Ochoa's
Oct
Oct's
Octavia
Octavio
Octavio's
October
October's
Octobers
Odell
Odell's
Oder
Oder's
Odessa
Odessa's
Odets
Odin
Odin's
Odis
Odis's
Odom
Odom's
Odysseus
Odysseus's
Odyssey
Odyssey's
Oedipal
Oedipus
Oedipus's
Oersted
Oersted's
Ofelia
Ofelia's
Offenbach
OfficeMax
OfficeMax's
Ogbomosho
Ogden
Ogden's
Ogilvy
Ogilvy's
Oglethorpe
Ohio
Ohio's
Ohioan
Ohioan's
Ohioans
Oise
Oise's
Ojibwa
Ojibwa's
Ojibwas
Okeechobee
Okefenokee
Okhotsk
Okinawa
Okinawa's
Okla
Oklahoma
Oklahoma's
Oklahoman
Oktoberfest
Ola
Ola's
Olaf
Olaf's
Olajuwon
Olajuwon's
Olav
Olav's
Oldenburg
Oldfield
Oldfield's
Oldsmobile
Oldsmobile's
Olduvai
Olduvai's
Olen
Olen's
Olenek
Olenek's
Olga
Olga's
Oligocene
Oligocene's
Olin
Olin's
Olive
Olive's
Oliver
Olivetti
Olivetti's
Olivia
Olivia's
Olivier
Ollie
Ollie's
Olmec
Olmsted
Olmsted's
Olsen
Olsen's
Olson
Olson's
Olympia
Olympia's
Olympiad
Olympiad's
Olympiads
Olympian
Olympian's
Olympians
Olympias
Olympic
Olympics
Olympus
Olympus's
Omaha
Omaha's
Omahas
Oman
Oman's
Omar
Omar's
Omayyad
Omdurman
Omdurman's
Omsk
Omsk's
Onassis
Oneal
Oneal's
Onega
Onegin
Onegin's
Oneida
Oneida's
Onion
Onion's
Ono
Ono's
Onondaga
Onondaga's
Onsager
Onsager's
Ontario
Ontario's
Oort
Oort's
Opal
Opal's
Opel
Opel's
Ophelia
Ophelia's
Ophiuchus
Oppenheimer
Oppenheimer's
Oprah
Oprah's
Ora
Ora's
Oracle
Oracle's
Oran
Oran's
Orange
Oranjestad
Oranjestad's
Orbison
Orbison's
Ordovician
Ordovician's
Oregon
Oregon's
Oregonian
Oregonian's
Oregonians
Oreo
Orestes
Orient
Oriental
Oriental's
Orientals
Orin
Orin's
Orinoco
Orinoco's
Orion
Orion's
Oriya
Oriya's
Orizaba
Orizaba's
Orkney
Orkney's
Orlando
Orlando's
Orleans
Orleans's
Orlon
Orlon's
Orlons
Orly
Orly's
Orpheus
Orpheus's
Orphic
Orr
Orr's
Ortega
Ortega's
Ortiz
Ortiz's
Orval
Orval's
Orville
Orville's
Orwell
Orwellian
Os
Osage
Osage's
Osaka
Osaka's
Osbert
Osbert's
Osborn
Osborn's
Osborne
Oscar
Oscar's
Oscars
Osceola
Osgood
Osgood's
Oshawa
Oshkosh
Oshkosh's
Osiris
Osiris's
Oslo
Oslo's
Osman
Osman's
Ostrogoth
Ostrogoth's
Ostwald
Osvaldo
Osvaldo's
Oswald
Othello
Othello's
Otis
Otis's
Ottawa
Ottawa's
Ottawas
Otto
Ottoman
Ouagadougou
Ouija
Ouija's
Ovid
Owen
Owens
Oxford
Oxford's
Oxfords
Oxnard
Oxonian
Oxonian's
Oxus
Oxycontin
Oxycontin's
Oz
Ozark
Ozark's
Ozarks
Ozarks's
Ozymandias
Ozymandias's
Ozzie
Ozzie's
P
P's
PA's
PAC's
PBS's
PC's
PM's
PMS's
POW's
PS's
PST's
PVC's
Pa
Pa's
Paar
Paar's
Pablo
Pablo's
Pablum
Pablum's
Pabst
Pabst's
Pace
Pace's
Pacheco
Pacheco's
Pacific
Pacific's
Pacino
Pacino's
Packard
Packard's
Paderewski
Padilla
Padilla's
Paganini
Page
Paglia
Paglia's
Pahlavi
Paige
Paige's
Paine
Pakistan
Pakistan's
Pakistani
Pakistani's
Pakistanis
Palau
Palembang
Paleocene
Paleocene's
Paleogene
Paleolithic
Paleozoic
Paleozoic's
Palermo
Palermo's
Palestine
Palestine's
Palestinian
Palestinian's
Palestinians
Palestrina
Paley
Palikir
Palikir's
Palisades
Palisades's
Palladio
Palmer
Palmerston
Palmolive
Palmolive's
Palmyra
Palmyra's
Palomar
Palomar's
Pam
Pam's
Pamela
Pamela's
Pamirs
Pampers
Pan
Pan's
Panama
Panama's
Panamanian
Panamanian's
Panamanians
Panamas
Panasonic
Panasonic's
Pandora
Pandora's
Pangaea
Pangaea's
Pankhurst
Panmunjom
Panmunjom's
Pansy
Pansy's
Pantagruel
Pantaloon
Pantaloon's
Pantheon
Panza
Panza's
Paracelsus
Paraclete
Paradise
Paraguay
Paraguay's
Paraguayan
Paraguayan's
Paraguayans
Paramaribo
Paramaribo's
Paramount
Paramount's
Paraná
Paraná's
Parcheesi
Parcheesi's
Pareto
Paris
Paris's
Parisian
Parisian's
Parisians
Park
Parker
Parkinson
Parkinson's
Parkman
Parks
Parliament
Parmesan
Parmesan's
Parmesans
Parnassus
Parnassus's
Parnell
Parr
Parrish
Parsi
Parsi's
Parsifal
Parsifal's
Parsons
Parthenon
Parthenon's
Parthia
Parthia's
Pasadena
Pasadena's
Pascal
Pascal's
Pasquale
Pasquale's
Passion
Passion's
Passions
Passover
Passover's
Passovers
Pasternak
Pasteur
Pasteur's
Pat
Patagonia
Patagonia's
Patagonian
Pate
Pate's
Patel
Patel's
Paterson
Patna
Patrica
Patrica's
Patrice
Patrice's
Patricia
Patricia's
Patrick
Patrick's
Patsy
Patsy's
Patterson
Patterson's
Patti
Patton
Patty
Patty's
Paul
Paul's
Paula
Paula's
Paulette
Paulette's
Pauli
Pauline
Pauling
Pavarotti
Pavlov
Pavlov's
Pavlova
Pavlovian
Pawnee
Pawnee's
PayPal
PayPal's
Payne
Payne's
Paypal
Paypal's
Pb
Pb's
Pd
Pd's
Peabody
Peabody's
Peace
Peace's
Peale
Pearl
Pearl's
Pearlie
Pearlie's
Pearson
Pearson's
Peary
Pechora
Peck
Peck's
Peckinpah
Peckinpah's
Pecos
Pecos's
Pedro
Pedro's
Peel
Peel's
Peg
Peg's
Pegasus
Pegasus's
Pegasuses
Peggy
Peggy's
Pei
Peiping
Peiping's
Pekinese
Pekinese's
Pekineses
Peking
Peking's
Pekingese
Pekingese's
Pekingeses
Pekings
Pele
Pele's
Pelee
Pelee's
Peloponnese
Peloponnese's
Pembroke
Pembroke's
Pena
Pena's
Penderecki
Penderecki's
Penelope
Penelope's
Penn
Penney
Penney's
Pennington
Pennington's
Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania's
Pennsylvanian
Pennsylvanian's
Pennsylvanians
Penny
Penny's
Pennzoil
Pennzoil's
Pensacola
Pensacola's
Pentagon
Pentagon's
Pentateuch
Pentateuch's
Pentax
Pentax's
Pentecost
Pentecost's
Pentecostal
Pentecostal's
Pentecostals
Pentecosts
Pentium
Pentium's
Peoria
Pepin
Pepin's
Pepsi
Pepsi's
Pepys
Pequot
Percheron
Percival
Percy
Perelman
Perelman's
Perez
Perez's
Periclean
Pericles
Perkins
Perl
Perl's
Perm
Perm's
Permalloy
Permalloy's
Permian
Permian's
Pernod
Pernod's
Peron
Perot
Perot's
Perrier
Perry
Perseid
Persephone
Persephone's
Persepolis
Persepolis's
Perseus
Perseus's
Pershing
Persia
Persia's
Persian
Persian's
Persians
Perth
Perth's
Peru
Peru's
Peruvian
Peruvian's
Peruvians
Peshawar
Pete
Pete's
Peter
Peter's
Peters
Petersen
Petersen's
Peterson
Peterson's
Petra
Petrarch
Petrarch's
Petty
Petty's
Peugeot
Peugeot's
Pfizer
Pfizer's
PhD
PhD's
Phaedra
Phaethon
Phaethon's
Phanerozoic
Pharaoh
Pharaoh's
Pharaohs
Pharisee
Pharisee's
Pharisees
Phekda
Phekda's
Phelps
Phelps's
Phidias
Phil
Philadelphia
Philadelphia's
Philby
Philby's
Philip
Philippe
Philippe's
Philippians
Philippine
Philippine's
Philippines
Philips
Philistine
Phillip
Phillipa
Phillipa's
Phillips
Philly
Philly's
Phipps
Phipps's
Phobos
Phoebe
Phoebe's
Phoenicia
Phoenicia's
Phoenix
Phoenix's
Photostat
Photostat's
Photostats
Photostatted
Photostatting
Phrygia
Phrygia's
Phyllis
Phyllis's
Piaf
Piaf's
Piaget
Piaget's
Pianola
Pianola's
Picasso
Picasso's
Piccadilly
Pickering
Pickering's
Pickett
Pickford
Pickford's
Pickwick
Pickwick's
Pict
Piedmont
Piedmont's
Pierce
Pierce's
Pierre
Pierre's
Pierrot
Pierrot's
Pigmies
Pigmy
Pigmy's
Pike
Pike's
Pilate
Pilates
Pilcomayo
Pilgrim
Pillsbury
Pillsbury's
Pinatubo
Pinatubo's
Pincus
Pincus's
Pindar
Pindar's
Pinkerton
Pinocchio
Pinocchio's
Pinochet
Pinochet's
Pinter
Pippin
Pippin's
Piraeus
Pirandello
Pisa
Pisces
Pisces's
Pisistratus
Pissaro
Pissaro's
Pitcairn
Pitcairn's
Pitt
Pittman
Pittman's
Pitts
Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh's
Pius
Pius's
Pizarro
Pkwy
Pl
Planck
Plantagenet
Plantagenet's
Plasticine
Plasticine's
Plataea
Plataea's
Plath
Plato
Plato's
Platonic
Platonism
Platonism's
Platonist
Platonist's
Platte
Platte's
Plautus
Plautus's
PlayStation
PlayStation's
Playboy
Playboy's
Playtex
Playtex's
Pleiades
Pleiades's
Pleistocene
Pleistocene's
Plexiglas
Plexiglas's
Plexiglases
Pliny
Pliocene
Pliocene's
Plutarch
Plutarch's
Pluto
Pluto's
Plymouth
Plymouth's
Pm
Pm's
Po
Po's
Pocahontas
Pocahontas's
Pocono
Pocono's
Poconos
Podgorica
Podhoretz
Podhoretz's
Podunk
Poe
Pogo
Pogo's
Poincaré
Poincaré's
Poiret
Poiret's
Poirot
Poirot's
Poisson
Poisson's
Poitier
Poitier's
Pokémon
Pokémon's
Poland
Poland's
Polanski
Polanski's
Polaris
Polaris's
Polaroid
Polaroid's
Polaroids
Pole
Pole's
Poles
Polish
Polish's
Politburo
Polk
Polk's
Pollard
Pollard's
Pollock
Pollux
Pollux's
Polly
Polly's
Pollyanna
Polo
Polo's
Poltava
Poltava's
Polyhymnia
Polyhymnia's
Polynesia
Polynesia's
Polynesian
Polynesian's
Polynesians
Polyphemus
Pomerania
Pomeranian
Pomeranian's
Pomona
Pompadour
Pompeii
Pompeii's
Pompey
Pompey's
Ponce
Pontchartrain
Pontiac
Pontiac's
Pontianak
Pooh
Pooh's
Poole
Poole's
Poona
Pope
Popeye
Popeye's
Popocatepetl
Popper
Popper's
Poppins
Poppins's
Popsicle
Porfirio
Porfirio's
Porrima
Porrima's
Porsche
Porsche's
Porter
Portia
Portia's
Portland
Portland's
Portsmouth
Portugal
Portugal's
Portuguese
Portuguese's
Poseidon
Poseidon's
Post
Post's
Potemkin
Potomac
Potomac's
Potsdam
Pottawatomie
Pottawatomie's
Potter
Potts
Potts's
Pound
Poussin
Powell
Powell's
PowerPoint
PowerPoint's
Powers
Powhatan
Powhatan's
Poznan
Poznan's
Prada
Prada's
Prado
Prado's
Praetorian
Prague
Prague's
Praia
Praia's
Prakrit
Pratchett
Pratchett's
Pratt
Pratt's
Pravda
Pravda's
Praxiteles
Preakness
Preakness's
Precambrian
Precambrian's
Preminger
Preminger's
Premyslid
Premyslid's
Prensa
Prensa's
Prentice
Prentice's
Pres
Presbyterian
Presbyterian's
Presbyterianism
Presbyterianism's
Presbyterians
Prescott
Prescott's
President
President's
Presidents
Presley
Preston
Pretoria
Pretoria's
Priam
Priam's
Pribilof
Pribilof's
Price
Priestley
Prince
Prince's
Princeton
Princeton's
Principe
Principe's
Priscilla
Priscilla's
Prius
Prius's
Procrustean
Procrustes
Procrustes's
Procter
Procter's
Procyon
Procyon's
Prof
Prohibition
Prokofiev
Promethean
Prometheus
Prometheus's
Proserpine
Proserpine's
Protagoras
Proterozoic
Proterozoic's
Protestant
Protestant's
Protestantism
Protestantism's
Protestantisms
Protestants
Proteus
Proteus's
Proudhon
Proust
Proust's
Provencals
Provence
Provence's
Provençal
Provençal's
Proverbs
Providence
Providence's
Providences
Provo
Prozac
Prozac's
Prudence
Prudence's
Prudential
Prudential's
Pruitt
Pruitt's
Prussia
Prussia's
Prussian
Prussian's
Prut
Pryor
Pryor's
Psalms
Psalter
Psalter's
Psalters
Psyche
Psyche's
Pt
Pt's
Ptah
Ptah's
Ptolemaic
Ptolemies
Ptolemy
Ptolemy's
Pu
Pu's
Puccini
Puck
Puckett
Puckett's
Puebla
Pueblo
Puget
Puget's
Pugh
Pugh's
Pulaski
Pulitzer
Pullman
Pullman's
Pullmans
Punch
Punic
Punic's
Punjab
Punjab's
Punjabi
Punjabi's
Purana
Purcell
Purdue
Purdue's
Purim
Purim's
Purims
Purina
Purina's
Puritan
Puritanism
Puritanism's
Puritanisms
Purus
Purus's
Pusan
Pusan's
Pusey
Pushkin
Pushtu
Pushtu's
Putin
Putin's
Putnam
Puzo
Puzo's
Pygmalion
Pygmalion's
Pygmies
Pygmy
Pygmy's
Pyle
Pyle's
Pym
Pynchon
Pynchon's
Pyongyang
Pyongyang's
Pyotr
Pyotr's
Pyrenees
Pyrenees's
Pyrex
Pyrex's
Pyrexes
Pyrrhic
Pythagoras
Pythagoras's
Pythagorean
Pythias
Python
Python's
Pétain
Pétain's
Pôrto
Pôrto's
Q
Qaddafi
Qaddafi's
Qantas
Qantas's
Qatar
Qatar's
Qingdao
Qiqihar
Qiqihar's
Qom
Qom's
Quaalude
Quaalude's
Quaker
Quaker's
Quakers
Quaoar
Quaoar's
Quasimodo
Quaternary
Quaternary's
Quayle
Quayle's
Quebec
Quebec's
Quechua
Quechua's
Queen
Queens
Queens's
Queensland
Queensland's
Quentin
Quentin's
Quetzalcoatl
Quetzalcoatl's
Quezon
Quezon's
Quincy
Quincy's
Quinn
Quintilian
Quintilian's
Quinton
Quinton's
Quirinal
Quisling
Quisling's
Quito
Quito's
Quixote
Quixotism
Quixotism's
Qumran
Quonset
Québecois
R
R's
RAF's
RAM's
RCA
RCA's
REM's
RN's
RNA's
ROM's
ROTC's
RV's
Ra
Ra's
Rabat
Rabat's
Rabelais
Rabelais's
Rabelaisian
Rabin
Rabin's
Rachael
Rachael's
Rachel
Rachel's
Rachelle
Rachelle's
Rachmaninoff
Racine
Racine's
Radcliffe
Radcliffe's
Rae
Rae's
Rafael
Rafael's
Raffles
Raffles's
Ragnarök
Ragnarök's
Rainier
Raleigh
Raleigh's
Ralph
Ralph's
Rama
Rama's
Ramada
Ramada's
Ramadan
Ramadan's
Ramadans
Ramakrishna
Ramanujan
Ramanujan's
Ramayana
Rambo
Rambo's
Ramirez
Ramirez's
Ramiro
Ramiro's
Ramon
Ramon's
Ramona
Ramona's
Ramos
Ramsay
Ramses
Ramsey
Ramsey's
Rand
Randal
Randal's
Randall
Randall's
Randell
Randell's
Randi
Randi's
Randolph
Randolph's
Randy
Randy's
Rangoon
Rangoon's
Rankin
Rankine
Rankine's
Raoul
Raoul's
Raphael
Rapunzel
Rapunzel's
Raquel
Raquel's
Rasalgethi
Rasalgethi's
Rasalhague
Rasalhague's
Rasmussen
Rasmussen's
Rasputin
Rastaban
Rastaban's
Rastafarian
Rastafarian's
Rather
Rather's
Ratliff
Ratliff's
Raul
Raul's
Ravel
Rawalpindi
Ray
RayBan
RayBan's
Rayburn
Rayburn's
Rayleigh
Raymond
Raymond's
Raymundo
Raymundo's
Rb
Rb's
Rd
Re
Re's
Reagan
Reagan's
Reaganomics
Reaganomics's
Realtor
Reasoner
Reasoner's
Reba
Reba's
Rebecca
Rebekah
Recife
Recife's
Red
Red's
Redford
Redford's
Redgrave
Redgrave's
Redmond
Reebok
Reebok's
Reed
Reed's
Reese
Reese's
Reeves
Refugio
Refugio's
Reggie
Reggie's
Regina
Regina's
Reginae
Reginald
Reginald's
Regor
Regor's
Regulus
Regulus's
Rehnquist
Reich
Reich's
Reichstag
Reid
Reilly
Reilly's
Reinaldo
Reinaldo's
Reinhardt
Reinhold
Reinhold's
Remarque
Rembrandt
Rembrandt's
Remington
Remus
Remus's
Rena
Rena's
Renaissance
Renaissance's
Renaissances
Renault
Renault's
Rene
Rene's
Renee
Renee's
Reno
Reno's
Renoir
Rep
Representative
Republican
Republican's
Republicans
Resurrection
Reuben
Reunion
Reuters
Reuther
Reuther's
Rev
Reva
Reva's
Revelations
Revere
Reverend
Reverend's
Revlon
Revlon's
Rex
Reyes
Reykjavik
Reykjavik's
Reyna
Reyna's
Reynaldo
Reynaldo's
Reynolds
Rh
Rh's
Rhea
Rhee
Rheingau
Rheingau's
Rhenish
Rhiannon
Rhiannon's
Rhine
Rhine's
Rhineland
Rhineland's
Rhoda
Rhoda's
Rhode
Rhodes
Rhodesia
Rhodesia's
Rhonda
Rhonda's
Rhone
Rhone's
Ribbentrop
Ricardo
Rice
Rich
Rich's
Richard
Richards
Richardson
Richelieu
Richelieu's
Richie
Richie's
Richmond
Richmond's
Richter
Richthofen
Rick
Rick's
Rickenbacker
Rickenbacker's
Rickey
Rickey's
Rickie
Rickie's
Rickover
Ricky
Ricky's
Rico
Rico's
Riddle
Riddle's
Ride
Riefenstahl
Riefenstahl's
Riel
Riel's
Riemann
Riemann's
Riesling
Riesling's
Riga
Riga's
Rigel
Rigel's
Riggs
Riggs's
Rigoberto
Rigoberto's
Rigoletto
Rigoletto's
Riley
Rilke
Rimbaud
Ringling
Ringling's
Ringo
Ringo's
Rio
Rio's
Rios
Ripley
Risorgimento
Rita
Rita's
Ritalin
Ritalin's
Ritz
Ritz's
Rivas
Rivera
Rivers
Riverside
Riviera
Riviera's
Rivieras
Riyadh
Riyadh's
Rizal
Rn
Rn's
Roach
Roach's
Rob
Rob's
Robbie
Robbie's
Robbin
Robbin's
Robbins
Robby
Robby's
Roberson
Roberson's
Robert
Robert's
Roberta
Roberta's
Roberto
Roberto's
Roberts
Robertson
Robertson's
Robeson
Robespierre
Robin
Robin's
Robinson
Robitussin
Robitussin's
Robles
Robles's
Robson
Robt
Robt's
Robyn
Robyn's
Rocco
Rocco's
Rocha
Rocha's
Rochambeau
Rochambeau's
Roche
Roche's
Rochelle
Rochelle's
Rochester
Rochester's
Rock
Rockefeller
Rockford
Rockies
Rockies's
Rockne
Rockne's
Rockwell
Rocky
Rocky's
Rod
Rod's
Roddenberry
Roddenberry's
Roderick
Roderick's
Rodger
Rodger's
Rodgers
Rodin
Rodney
Rodolfo
Rodolfo's
Rodrick
Rodrick's
Rodrigo
Rodrigo's
Rodriguez
Rodriguez's
Rodriquez
Rodriquez's
Roeg
Roeg's
Roentgen
Rogelio
Rogelio's
Roger
Rogers
Roget
Roget's
Rojas
Rojas's
Roku
Roku's
Rolaids
Rolaids's
Roland
Rolando
Rolando's
Rolex
Rolex's
Rolland
Rollerblade
Rollins
Rolodex
Rolvaag
Rolvaag's
Roman
Roman's
Romanesque
Romanesque's
Romania
Romania's
Romanian
Romanian's
Romanians
Romanies
Romano
Romanov
Romanov's
Romans
Romansh
Romanticism
Romany
Romany's
Rome
Rome's
Romeo
Romero
Romero's
Romes
Rommel
Rommel's
Romney
Romulus
Romulus's
Ron
Ron's
Ronald
Ronald's
Ronda
Ronda's
Ronnie
Ronnie's
Ronny
Ronny's
Ronstadt
Ronstadt's
Rooney
Rooney's
Roosevelt
Roosevelt's
Root
Root's
Roquefort
Roquefort's
Roqueforts
Rorschach
Rory
Rory's
Rosa
Rosa's
Rosales
Rosales's
Rosalie
Rosalie's
Rosalind
Rosalind's
Rosalinda
Rosalinda's
Rosalyn
Rosalyn's
Rosanna
Rosanna's
Rosanne
Rosanne's
Rosario
Roscoe
Roscoe's
Rose
Rose's
Roseann
Roseann's
Roseau
Roseau's
Rosecrans
Rosecrans's
Rosella
Rosella's
Rosemarie
Rosemarie's
Rosemary
Rosemary's
Rosenberg
Rosenberg's
Rosendo
Rosendo's
Rosenzweig
Rosenzweig's
Rosetta
Rosicrucian
Rosie
Rosie's
Roslyn
Roslyn's
Ross
Ross's
Rossetti
Rossetti's
Rossini
Rossini's
Rostand
Rostov
Rostov's
Rostropovich
Rostropovich's
Roswell
Roswell's
Rotarian
Rotarian's
Roth
Roth's
Rothko
Rothschild
Rotterdam
Rotterdam's
Rottweiler
Rottweiler's
Rouault
Roumania
Roumania's
Rourke
Rourke's
Rousseau
Rousseau's
Rove
Rove's
Rover
Rowe
Rowena
Rowena's
Rowland
Rowland's
Rowling
Rowling's
Roxanne
Roxanne's
Roxie
Roxie's
Roxy
Roxy's
Roy
Roy's
Royal
Royce
Rozelle
Rozelle's
Rte
Ru
Ru's
Rubaiyat
Rubaiyat's
Rubbermaid
Rubbermaid's
Ruben
Ruben's
Rubens
Rubicon
Rubicon's
Rubik
Rubik's
Rubin
Rubin's
Rubinstein
Ruby
Ruby's
Ruchbah
Ruchbah's
Rudolf
Rudolph
Rudolph's
Rudy
Rudy's
Rudyard
Rudyard's
Rufus
Rufus's
Ruhr
Ruhr's
Ruiz
Ruiz's
Rukeyser
Rukeyser's
Rumania
Rumania's
Rumpelstiltskin
Rumpelstiltskin's
Rumsfeld
Rumsfeld's
Runnymede
Runyon
Rupert
Rupert's
Rush
Rush's
Rushdie
Rushdie's
Rushmore
Rushmore's
Ruskin
Russ
Russel
Russel's
Russell
Russell's
Russia
Russia's
Russian
Russian's
Russians
Russo
Russo's
Rustbelt
Rustbelt's
Rusty
Rusty's
Rutan
Rutan's
Rutgers
Ruth
Ruth's
Rutherford
Ruthie
Ruthie's
Rutledge
Rutledge's
Rwanda
Rwanda's
Rwandan
Rwandan's
Rwandans
Rwandas
Rx
Ryan
Ryan's
Rydberg
Rydberg's
Ryder
Ryukyu
Ryukyu's
S
S's
SALT's
SAM's
SAP
SAP's
SARS
SARS's
SC's
SE's
SIDS's
SOP's
SOS's
SW's
Saab
Saab's
Saar
Saarinen
Saatchi
Saatchi's
Sabbath
Sabbath's
Sabbaths
Sabik
Sabik's
Sabin
Sabina
Sabina's
Sabine
Sabine's
Sabre
Sabre's
Sabrina
Sabrina's
Sacajawea
Sacco
Sacco's
Sachs
Sachs's
Sacramento
Sacramento's
Sadat
Saddam
Saddam's
Sadducee
Sade
Sade's
Sadie
Sadie's
Sadr
Sadr's
Safavid
Safeway
Safeway's
Sagan
Sagan's
Saginaw
Saginaw's
Sagittarius
Sagittarius's
Sagittariuses
Sahara
Sahara's
Sahel
Saigon
Saigon's
Saiph
Saiph's
Sakai
Sakha
Sakha's
Sakhalin
Sakhalin's
Sakharov
Saki
Saki's
Saks
Sal
Saladin
Salado
Salamis
Salas
Salas's
Salazar
Salazar's
Salem
Salem's
Salerno
Salerno's
Salinas
Salinger
Salisbury
Salisbury's
Salish
Salish's
Salk
Sallie
Sallie's
Sallust
Sally
Sally's
Salome
Salome's
Salton
Salton's
Salvador
Salvador's
Salvadoran
Salvadoran's
Salvadorans
Salvadorian
Salvadorian's
Salvadorians
Salvatore
Salvatore's
Salween
Salween's
Salyut
Salyut's
Sam
Samantha
Samantha's
Samar
Samar's
Samara
Samaritan
Samaritan's
Samaritans
Samarkand
Samarkand's
Sammie
Sammie's
Sammy
Sammy's
Samoa
Samoa's
Samoan
Samoan's
Samoset
Samoset's
Samoyed
Samoyed's
Sampson
Sampson's
Samson
Samsonite
Samsonite's
Samsung
Samsung's
Samuel
Samuelson
Samuelson's
San
Sana
Sana's
Sanchez
Sanchez's
Sancho
Sancho's
Sand
Sandburg
Sanders
Sandinista
Sandoval
Sandoval's
Sandra
Sandra's
Sandy
Sandy's
Sanford
Sanford's
Sanforized
Sang
Sang's
Sanger
Sanhedrin
Sanka
Sanka's
Sankara
Sankara's
Sanskrit
Sanskrit's
Santa
Santana
Santana's
Santayana
Santeria
Santiago
Santiago's
Santos
Sappho
Sappho's
Sapporo
Sapporo's
Sara
Sara's
Saracen
Saracen's
Saracens
Saragossa
Saragossa's
Sarah
Sarajevo
Sarajevo's
Saran
Saran's
Sarasota
Sarasota's
Saratov
Saratov's
Sarawak
Sarawak's
Sardinia
Sardinia's
Sargasso
Sargasso's
Sargent
Sargon
Sargon's
Sarnoff
Sarnoff's
Saroyan
Saroyan's
Sarto
Sartre
Sasha
Sasha's
Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan's
Saskatoon
Saskatoon's
Sasquatch
Sasquatch's
Sassanian
Sassoon
Sat
Sat's
Satan
Satan's
Satanism
Satanism's
Satanist
Satanist's
Saturday
Saturday's
Saturdays
Saturn
Saturn's
Saturnalia
Saturnalia's
Saudi
Saudi's
Saudis
Saul
Saul's
Saunders
Saundra
Saundra's
Saussure
Sauterne
Sauterne's
Savage
Savannah
Savannah's
Savior
Savior's
Savonarola
Savoy
Savoyard
Savoyard's
Sawyer
Sawyer's
Saxon
Saxon's
Saxons
Saxony
Saxony's
Sayers
Sb
Sb's
Sc
Sc's
Scandinavia
Scandinavia's
Scandinavian
Scandinavian's
Scandinavians
Scaramouch
Scarborough
Scarlatti
Scheat
Scheat's
Schedar
Schedar's
Scheherazade
Scheherazade's
Schelling
Schenectady
Schenectady's
Schiaparelli
Schiaparelli's
Schick
Schick's
Schiller
Schindler
Schindler's
Schlesinger
Schlesinger's
Schliemann
Schlitz
Schlitz's
Schmidt
Schnabel
Schnauzer
Schnauzer's
Schneider
Schneider's
Schoenberg
Schoenberg's
Schopenhauer
Schrieffer
Schrieffer's
Schroeder
Schroeder's
Schrödinger
Schrödinger's
Schubert
Schultz
Schultz's
Schulz
Schulz's
Schumann
Schumpeter
Schumpeter's
Schuyler
Schuyler's
Schuylkill
Schuylkill's
Schwartz
Schwartz's
Schwarzenegger
Schwarzenegger's
Schwarzkopf
Schwarzkopf's
Schweitzer
Schweppes
Schweppes's
Schwinger
Schwinger's
Schwinn
Schwinn's
Scientology
Scientology's
Scipio
Scipio's
Scopes
Scopes's
Scorpio
Scorpio's
Scorpios
Scorpius
Scorpius's
Scorsese
Scorsese's
Scot
Scot's
Scotch
Scotch's
Scotches
Scotchman
Scotchman's
Scotchmen
Scotland
Scotland's
Scots
Scotsman
Scotsman's
Scotsmen
Scotswoman
Scotswoman's
Scotswomen
Scott
Scottie
Scottie's
Scottish
Scottish's
Scottsdale
Scotty
Scrabble
Scrabble's
Scranton
Scriabin
Scribner
Scribner's
Scripture
Scripture's
Scriptures
Scrooge
Scruggs
Scruggs's
Scud
Sculley
Sculley's
Scylla
Scylla's
Scythia
Scythian
Se
Se's
Seaborg
Seagram
Seagram's
Sean
Sean's
Sears
Sears's
Seattle
Seattle's
Sebastian
Sebastian's
Sec
Seconal
Seconal's
Secretariat
Secretariat's
Secretary
Seder
Seder's
Seders
Sedna
Sedna's
Seebeck
Seebeck's
Sega
Sega's
Segovia
Segovia's
Segre
Segre's
Segundo
Segundo's
Seiko
Seiko's
Seine
Seine's
Seinfeld
Seinfeld's
Sejong
Sejong's
Selassie
Selassie's
Selectric
Selectric's
Selena
Selena's
Seleucid
Seleucus
Seleucus's
Selim
Selim's
Seljuk
Selkirk
Selkirk's
Sellers
Sellers's
Selma
Selma's
Selznick
Selznick's
Semarang
Seminole
Seminole's
Seminoles
Semiramis
Semite
Semite's
Semites
Semitic
Semitic's
Semitics
Semtex
Sen
Senate
Senate's
Senates
Senator
Sendai
Seneca
Seneca's
Senecas
Senegal
Senegal's
Senegalese
Senegalese's
Senghor
Senior
Sennacherib
Sennett
Sennett's
Sensurround
Sensurround's
Seoul
Seoul's
Sephardi
Sepoy
Sepoy's
Sept
Sept's
September
September's
Septembers
Septuagint
Septuagint's
Septuagints
Sequoya
Serb
Serb's
Serbia
Serbia's
Serbian
Serbian's
Serbians
Serbs
Serena
Serena's
Serengeti
Serengeti's
Sergei
Sergei's
Sergio
Sergio's
Serpens
Serra
Serra's
Serrano
Serrano's
Set
Set's
Seth
Seth's
Seton
Seurat
Seuss
Sevastopol
Sevastopol's
Severn
Severus
Seville
Seville's
Seward
Sextans
Sexton
Sexton's
Seychelles
Seychelles's
Seyfert
Seymour
Seymour's
Sgt
Shackleton
Shaffer
Shaffer's
Shaka
Shaka's
Shakespeare
Shakespeare's
Shakespearean
Shana
Shana's
Shane
Shane's
Shanghai
Shanghai's
Shankara
Shankara's
Shanna
Shanna's
Shannon
Shantung
Shapiro
Shapiro's
Shari
Shari'a
Sharif
Sharif's
Sharlene
Sharlene's
Sharon
Sharp
Sharp's
Sharpe
Sharpe's
Sharron
Sharron's
Shasta
Shasta's
Shaula
Shaula's
Shaun
Shaun's
Shauna
Shauna's
Shavian
Shavian's
Shavuot
Shavuot's
Shaw
Shaw's
Shawn
Shawn's
Shawna
Shawna's
Shawnee
Shawnee's
Shcharansky
Shcharansky's
Shea
Shea's
Sheba
Shebeli
Shebeli's
Sheena
Sheena's
Sheetrock
Sheetrock's
Sheffield
Sheffield's
Sheila
Sheila's
Shelby
Shelby's
Sheldon
Sheldon's
Shelia
Shelia's
Shell
Shell's
Shelley
Shelly
Shelly's
Shelton
Shelton's
Shenandoah
Shenyang
Shenyang's
Sheol
Shepard
Shepard's
Shepherd
Shepherd's
Sheppard
Sheppard's
Sheratan
Sheratan's
Sheraton
Sheraton's
Sheree
Sheree's
Sheri
Sheri's
Sheridan
Sherlock
Sherman
Sherpa
Sherri
Sherri's
Sherrie
Sherrie's
Sherry
Sherry's
Sherwood
Sheryl
Sheryl's
Shetland
Shetland's
Shetlands
Shevardnadze
Shevardnadze's
Shevat
Shevat's
Shi'ite
Shields
Shields's
Shijiazhuang
Shikoku
Shikoku's
Shillong
Shiloh
Shiloh's
Shinto
Shinto's
Shintoism
Shintoism's
Shintoisms
Shintos
Shiraz
Shiraz's
Shirley
Shirley's
Shiva
Shiva's
Shockley
Shockley's
Short
Short's
Shorthorn
Shoshone
Shoshone's
Shostakovitch
Shostakovitch's
Shrek
Shrek's
Shreveport
Shriner
Shropshire
Shula
Shula's
Shylock
Shylockian
Shylockian's
Si
Siam
Siam's
Siamese
Siamese's
Sian
Sian's
Sibelius
Siberia
Siberia's
Siberian
Siberian's
Sibyl
Sicilian
Sicilian's
Sicilians
Sicily
Sicily's
Sid
Sid's
Siddhartha
Siddhartha's
Sidney
Siegfried
Siemens
Sierpinski
Sierpinski's
Sigismund
Sigmund
Sigurd
Sihanouk
Sihanouk's
Sikh
Sikh's
Sikhism
Sikhs
Sikkim
Sikkimese
Sikorsky
Silas
Silas's
Silurian
Silurian's
Silva
Silva's
Silvia
Silvia's
Simenon
Simenon's
Simmental
Simmons
Simmons's
Simon
Simone
Simone's
Simpson
Simpson's
Simpsons
Sims
Sinai
Sinai's
Sinatra
Sinclair
Sindbad
Sindbad's
Sindhi
Sindhi's
Singapore
Singapore's
Singer
Singh
Singh's
Singleton
Singleton's
Sinhalese
Sinhalese's
Sinkiang
Sinkiang's
Sioux
Sioux's
Sirius
Sirius's
Sister
Sister's
Sisters
Sistine
Sisyphean
Sisyphus
Sisyphus's
Siva
Siva's
Sivan
Sivan's
Sjaelland
Sjaelland's
Skinner
Skinner's
Skippy
Skippy's
Skopje
Skye
Skylab
Skylab's
Skype
Skype's
Slackware
Slackware's
Slashdot
Slashdot's
Slater
Slater's
Slav
Slav's
Slavic
Slavic's
Slavonic
Slavonic's
Slavs
Slinky
Slinky's
Sloan
Sloane
Sloane's
Slocum
Slocum's
Slovak
Slovak's
Slovakia
Slovakian
Slovaks
Slovenia
Slovenia's
Slovenian
Slovenian's
Slovenians
Slurpee
Slurpee's
Sm
Sm's
Small
Small's
Smetana
Smirnoff
Smirnoff's
Smith
Smithson
Smithsonian
Smithsonian's
Smokey
Smokey's
Smolensk
Smollett
Smuts
Sn
Sn's
Snake
Snake's
Snapple
Snapple's
Snead
Snead's
Snell
Snell's
Snickers
Snickers's
Snider
Snider's
Snoopy
Snoopy's
Snow
Snowbelt
Snyder
Snyder's
Soave
Soave's
Socorro
Socorro's
Socrates
Socrates's
Socratic
Soddy
Sodom
Sodom's
Sofia
Sofia's
Soho
Sol
Sol's
Solis
Solis's
Solomon
Solon
Solzhenitsyn
Somali
Somali's
Somalia
Somalia's
Somalian
Somalian's
Somalians
Somalis
Somme
Somme's
Somoza
Somoza's
Son
Son's
Sondheim
Sondra
Sondra's
Songhai
Songhai's
Songhua
Songhua's
Sonia
Sonia's
Sonja
Sonja's
Sonny
Sonny's
Sontag
Sontag's
Sony
Sony's
Sonya
Sonya's
Sophia
Sophie
Sophie's
Sophoclean
Sophocles
Sopwith
Sopwith's
Sorbonne
Sorbonne's
Sosa
Sosa's
Soto
Soto's
Souphanouvong
Souphanouvong's
Sousa
Sousa's
South
South's
Southampton
Southeast
Southeast's
Southeasts
Southerner
Southerner's
Southerners
Southey
Souths
Southwest
Southwest's
Southwests
Soviet
Soweto
Soweto's
Soyinka
Soyinka's
Soyuz
Spaatz
Spaatz's
Spackle
Spahn
Spahn's
Spain
Spain's
Spam
Spam's
Spaniard
Spaniard's
Spaniards
Spanish
Spanish's
Sparks
Sparta
Sparta's
Spartacus
Spartan
Spartan's
Spartans
Spears
Speer
Speer's
Spence
Spencer
Spencerian
Spengler
Spengler's
Spenglerian
Spenser
Spenser's
Spenserian
Sperry
Sperry's
Sphinx
Sphinx's
Spica
Spica's
Spielberg
Spielberg's
Spillane
Spillane's
Spinoza
Spinx
Spinx's
Spiro
Spiro's
Spirograph
Spirograph's
Spitsbergen
Spitsbergen's
Spitz
Spitz's
Spock
Spokane
Springfield
Springfield's
Springsteen
Springsteen's
Sprint
Sprint's
Sprite
Sprite's
Sputnik
Sq
Squanto
Squibb
Squibb's
Sr
Sr's
Srinagar
Srivijaya
Srivijaya's
St
Stacey
Stacey's
Staci
Staci's
Stacie
Stacie's
Stacy
Stacy's
Stael
Stael's
Stafford
StairMaster
Stalin
Stalin's
Stalingrad
Stalingrad's
Stalinist
Stallone
Stallone's
Stamford
Stan
Stan's
Standish
Stanford
Stanford's
Stanislavsky
Stanley
Stanton
Staples
Staples's
Starbucks
Stark
Starkey
Starkey's
Starr
Starr's
Staten
Staten's
Staubach
Staubach's
Steadicam
Steele
Stefan
Stefan's
Stefanie
Stefanie's
Stein
Steinbeck
Steinem
Steinem's
Steiner
Steinmetz
Steinmetz's
Steinway
Steinway's
Stella
Stendhal
Stengel
Stengel's
Stephan
Stephan's
Stephanie
Stephanie's
Stephen
Stephens
Stephenson
Sterling
Sterling's
Stern
Sterne
Sterne's
Sterno
Stetson
Stetson's
Steuben
Steuben's
Steve
Steve's
Steven
Steven's
Stevens
Stevenson
Stevie
Stevie's
Stewart
Stewart's
Stieglitz
Stieglitz's
Stilton
Stilton's
Stimson
Stimson's
Stine
Stine's
Stirling
Stockhausen
Stockhausen's
Stockholm
Stockholm's
Stockton
Stoic
Stoic's
Stoicism
Stoicism's
Stokes
Stokes's
Stolichnaya
Stolichnaya's
Stolypin
Stolypin's
Stone
Stonehenge
Stoppard
Stoppard's
Stout
Stowe
Strabo
Strabo's
Stradivarius
Strasbourg
Strauss
Stravinsky
Stravinsky's
Streisand
Streisand's
Strickland
Strickland's
Strindberg
Stromboli
Strong
Strong's
Stu
Stu's
Stuart
Stuart's
Stuarts
Studebaker
Studebaker's
Stuttgart
Stuttgart's
Stuyvesant
Stygian
Styrofoam
Styrofoam's
Styrofoams
Styron
Styron's
Styx
Styx's
Suarez
Suarez's
Subaru
Subaru's
Sucre
Sucrets
Sucrets's
Sudan
Sudan's
Sudanese
Sudanese's
Sudetenland
Sudetenland's
Sudoku
Sudoku's
Sudra
Sudra's
Sue
Suetonius
Suez
Suffolk
Sufi
Sufism
Suharto
Suharto's
Sui
Sui's
Sukarno
Sukkot
Sukkoth
Sukkoth's
Sukkoths
Sulawesi
Sulawesi's
Suleiman
Suleiman's
Sulla
Sulla's
Sullivan
Sullivan's
Sumatra
Sumatra's
Sumeria
Sumeria's
Sumerian
Sumerian's
Summer
Summer's
Summers
Sumner
Sumner's
Sumter
Sun
Sun's
Sunbeam
Sunbeam's
Sunbelt
Sunbelt's
Sundanese
Sundanese's
Sundas
Sunday
Sunday's
Sundays
Sung
Sunkist
Sunkist's
Sunni
Sunni's
Sunnyvale
Superbowl
Superbowl's
Superfund
Superfund's
Superglue
Superglue's
Superior
Superman
Superman's
Surabaya
Surat
Surinam
Surinam's
Suriname
Suriname's
Surya
Surya's
Susan
Susan's
Susana
Susana's
Susanna
Susanne
Susanne's
Susie
Susie's
Susquehanna
Susquehanna's
Sussex
Sutherland
Sutherland's
Sutton
Sutton's
Suva
Suva's
Suwanee
Suwanee's
Suzanne
Suzanne's
Suzette
Suzette's
Suzhou
Suzhou's
Suzuki
Suzuki's
Suzy
Suzy's
Svalbard
Svalbard's
Sven
Sven's
Svengali
Swahili
Swahili's
Swahilis
Swammerdam
Swammerdam's
Swanee
Swansea
Swansea's
Swanson
Swanson's
Swazi
Swazi's
Swaziland
Swaziland's
Swede
Swede's
Sweden
Sweden's
Swedenborg
Swedenborg's
Swedes
Swedish
Swedish's
Sweeney
Sweeney's
Sweet
Swift
Swift's
Swinburne
Swinburne's
Swiss
Swiss's
Swissair
Swissair's
Swisses
Switzerland
Switzerland's
Sybil
Sybil's
Sydney
Sydney's
Sykes
Sykes's
Sylvester
Sylvester's
Sylvia
Sylvia's
Sylvie
Sylvie's
Synge
Syracuse
Syracuse's
Syria
Syria's
Syriac
Syrian
Syrian's
Syrians
Szechuan
Szechuan's
Szilard
Szilard's
Szymborska
Szymborska's
Sèvres
T
T'ang
T's
TB's
TKO's
TLC's
TNT's
TV's
TWA
TWA's
Ta
Ta's
Tabasco
Tabasco's
Tabatha
Tabatha's
Tabitha
Tabitha's
Tabriz
Tabriz's
Tacitus
Tacoma
Tacoma's
Tad
Tad's
Tadzhik
Tadzhik's
Tadzhikistan
Tadzhikistan's
Taegu
Taegu's
Taejon
Taft
Taft's
Tagalog
Tagalog's
Tagore
Tagus
Tagus's
Tahiti
Tahiti's
Tahitian
Tahitian's
Tahitians
Tahoe
Taichung
Taichung's
Taine
Taine's
Taipei
Taipei's
Taiping
Taiwan
Taiwan's
Taiwanese
Taiwanese's
Taiyuan
Tajikistan
Tajikistan's
Taklamakan
Taklamakan's
Talbot
Taliban
Taliban's
Taliesin
Tallahassee
Tallahassee's
Tallchief
Tallchief's
Talley
Talley's
Talleyrand
Talleyrand's
Tallinn
Tallinn's
Talmud
Talmud's
Talmudic
Talmuds
Tamara
Tamara's
Tameka
Tameka's
Tamera
Tamera's
Tamerlane
Tamerlane's
Tami
Tami's
Tamika
Tamika's
Tamil
Tamil's
Tammany
Tammany's
Tammi
Tammi's
Tammie
Tammie's
Tammuz
Tammuz's
Tammy
Tammy's
Tampa
Tampa's
Tampax
Tampax's
Tamra
Tamra's
Tamworth
Tancred
Taney
Tanganyika
Tanganyika's
Tangiers
Tangshan
Tania
Tania's
Tanisha
Tanisha's
Tanner
Tanner's
Tannhäuser
Tannhäuser's
Tantalus
Tantalus's
Tanya
Tanya's
Tanzania
Tanzania's
Tanzanian
Tanzanian's
Tanzanians
Tao
Tao's
Taoism
Taoism's
Taoisms
Taoist
Taoist's
Taoists
Tara
Tara's
Tarantino
Tarantino's
Tarawa
Tarawa's
Tarazed
Tarazed's
Tarbell
Tarbell's
Target
Target's
Tarim
Tarkenton
Tarkenton's
Tarkington
Tartar
Tartar's
Tartars
Tartary
Tartuffe
Tarzan
Tarzan's
Tasha
Tasha's
Tashkent
Tashkent's
Tasman
Tasmania
Tasmania's
Tasmanian
Tass
Tatar
Tatar's
Tatars
Tate
Tatum
Taurus
Taurus's
Tauruses
Tawney
Taylor
Taylor's
Tb
Tb's
Tbilisi
Tbilisi's
Tc
Tc's
Tchaikovsky
Teasdale
Teasdale's
Technicolor
Tecumseh
Tecumseh's
Ted
Ted's
Teddy
Teddy's
Teflon
Teflon's
Teflons
Tegucigalpa
Tegucigalpa's
Teheran
Teheran's
Tehran
TelePrompter
Telemachus
Telemann
Teletype
Tell
Tell's
Teller
Telugu
Telugu's
Tempe
Templar
Templar's
Tennessee
Tennessee's
Tennyson
Tenochtitlan
Tenochtitlan's
Teotihuacan
Teotihuacan's
Terence
Teresa
Teresa's
Tereshkova
Teri
Teri's
Terkel
Terkel's
Terpsichore
Terpsichore's
Terr
Terr's
Terra
Terra's
Terran
Terran's
Terrance
Terrance's
Terrell
Terrell's
Terrence
Terrence's
Terri
Terri's
Terrie
Terrie's
Terry
Tertiary
Tertiary's
Tesla
Tess
Tessa
Tessa's
Tessie
Tessie's
Tet
Tet's
Tethys
Tethys's
Tetons
Teutonic
Tevet
Tevet's
Tex
Texaco
Texaco's
Texan
Texan's
Texans
Texas
Texas's
Th
Th's
Thackeray
Thad
Thad's
Thaddeus
Thai
Thai's
Thailand
Thailand's
Thais
Thales
Thalia
Thalia's
Thames
Thames's
Thanh
Thanh's
Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving's
Thanksgivings
Thant
Thar
Thar's
Tharp
Tharp's
Thatcher
Thea
Thea's
Thebes
Thebes's
Theiler
Theiler's
Thelma
Thelma's
Themistocles
Theocritus
Theodora
Theodore
Theodore's
Theodoric
Theodoric's
Theodosius
Theodosius's
Theosophy
Theravada
Theresa
Therese
Therese's
Thermopylae
Thermopylae's
Thermos
Theron
Theron's
Theseus
Theseus's
Thespian
Thespis
Thespis's
Thessalonian
Thessaloníki
Thessaloníki's
Thessaly
Thessaly's
Thieu
Thieu's
Thimbu
Thomas
Thomas's
Thomism
Thomism's
Thomistic
Thompson
Thomson
Thor
Thor's
Thorazine
Thorazine's
Thoreau
Thoreau's
Thornton
Thornton's
Thoroughbred
Thorpe
Thoth
Thoth's
Thrace
Thrace's
Thracian
Thracian's
Thucydides
Thucydides's
Thule
Thule's
Thunderbird
Thunderbird's
Thur
Thurber
Thurman
Thurman's
Thurmond
Thurmond's
Thurs
Thursday
Thursday's
Thursdays
Thutmose
Thutmose's
Ti
Ti's
Tia
Tia's
Tianjin
Tianjin's
Tiber
Tiber's
Tiberius
Tibet
Tibet's
Tibetan
Tibetan's
Tibetans
Ticketmaster
Ticketmaster's
Ticonderoga
Tide
Tide's
Tienanmen
Tienanmen's
Tientsin
Tientsin's
Tiffany
Tigris
Tigris's
Tijuana
Tijuana's
Tillich
Tillman
Tillman's
Tilsit
Tim
Tim's
Timbuktu
Timbuktu's
Timex
Timex's
Timmy
Timmy's
Timon
Timon's
Timor
Timothy
Timur
Timur's
Timurid
Timurid's
Tina
Tina's
Ting
Ting's
Tinkerbell
Tinkerbell's
Tinkertoy
Tinseltown
Tinseltown's
Tintoretto
Tippecanoe
Tippecanoe's
Tipperary
Tirana
Tirana's
Tiresias
Tiresias's
Tisha
Tisha's
Tishri
Tishri's
Titan
Titan's
Titania
Titanic
Titian
Titian's
Titicaca
Tito
Tito's
Titus
Tl
Tl's
Tlaloc
Tlaloc's
Tlingit
Tlingit's
Tm
Tm's
Tobago
Tobago's
Toby
Tocantins
Tocqueville
Tod
Tod's
Todd
Togo
Togo's
Tojo
Tokay
Tokay's
Tokugawa
Tokyo
Tokyo's
Toledo
Toledo's
Toledos
Tolkien
Tolstoy
Tolstoy's
Toltec
Tolyatti
Tolyatti's
Tom
Tom's
Tomas
Tombaugh
Tombaugh's
Tomlin
Tomlin's
Tommie
Tommie's
Tommy
Tompkins
Tompkins's
Tomsk
Tonga
Tonga's
Tongan
Tongan's
Tongans
Toni
Toni's
Tonia
Tonia's
Tonto
Tonto's
Tony
Tonya
Tonya's
Topeka
Topeka's
Topsy
Topsy's
Torah
Torah's
Torahs
Tories
Toronto
Toronto's
Torquemada
Torrance
Torrens
Torres
Torricelli
Torricelli's
Tortola
Tortuga
Torvalds
Torvalds's
Tory
Tory's
Tosca
Tosca's
Toscanini
Toshiba
Toshiba's
Toto
Toto's
Toulouse
Townes
Townsend
Townsend's
Toynbee
Toynbee's
Toyoda
Toyoda's
Toyota
Toyota's
Tracey
Tracey's
Traci
Traci's
Tracie
Tracie's
Tracy
Tracy's
Trafalgar
Trafalgar's
Trailways
Trailways's
Trajan
Tran
Tran's
Transcaucasia
Transvaal
Transvaal's
Transylvania
Trappist
Trappist's
Travis
Travis's
Travolta
Travolta's
Treblinka
Trekkie
Trekkie's
Trent
Trent's
Trenton
Trenton's
Trevelyan
Trevino
Trevino's
Trevor
Trevor's
Trey
Trey's
Triangulum
Triangulum's
Triassic
Triassic's
Tricia
Tricia's
Trident
Trident's
Trieste
Trimurti
Trimurti's
Trina
Trina's
Trinidad
Trinidad's
Trinities
Trinity
Trinity's
Tripitaka
Tripoli
Tripoli's
Trippe
Trippe's
Trisha
Trisha's
Tristan
Tristan's
Triton
Triton's
Trobriand
Trobriand's
Trojan
Trojan's
Trojans
Trollope
Trondheim
Trondheim's
Tropicana
Tropicana's
Trotsky
Troy
Troy's
Troyes
Truckee
Truckee's
Trudeau
Trudy
Trudy's
Truffaut
Truffaut's
Trujillo
Truman
Truman's
Trumbull
Trumbull's
Trump
Trump's
Truth
Tsimshian
Tsimshian's
Tsingtao
Tsiolkovsky
Tsiolkovsky's
Tsitsihar
Tsitsihar's
Tsongkhapa
Tsongkhapa's
Tswana
Tswana's
Tuamotu
Tuamotu's
Tuareg
Tuareg's
Tubman
Tucker
Tucker's
Tucson
Tucson's
Tucuman
Tucuman's
Tudor
Tudor's
Tues
Tues's
Tuesday
Tuesday's
Tuesdays
Tulane
Tulane's
Tull
Tull's
Tulsa
Tulsa's
Tulsidas
Tulsidas's
Tums
Tums's
Tungus
Tungus's
Tunguska
Tunguska's
Tunis
Tunis's
Tunisia
Tunisia's
Tunisian
Tunisian's
Tunisians
Tunney
Tunney's
Tupi
Tupi's
Tupperware
Tupungato
Tupungato's
Turgenev
Turin
Turin's
Turing
Turing's
Turk
Turk's
Turkestan
Turkestan's
Turkey
Turkey's
Turkish
Turkish's
Turkmenistan
Turkmenistan's
Turks
Turner
Turpin
Tuscaloosa
Tuscaloosa's
Tuscan
Tuscan's
Tuscany
Tuscany's
Tuscarora
Tuscarora's
Tuscon
Tuscon's
Tuskegee
Tuskegee's
Tussaud
Tussaud's
Tut
Tut's
Tutankhamen
Tutsi
Tutu
Tutu's
Tuvalu
Tuvalu's
Twain
Tweed
Tweedledee
Tweedledee's
Tweedledum
Tweedledum's
Twila
Twila's
Twinkies
Twitter
Twitter's
Twizzlers
Twizzlers's
Ty
Ty's
Tycho
Tylenol
Tylenol's
Tyler
Tyler's
Tyndale
Tyndall
Tyre
Tyree
Tyree's
Tyrone
Tyson
Tyson's
U
U's
UBS
UBS's
UCLA
UCLA's
UFO's
UHF's
UK's
UN's
UNESCO's
UNICEF's
UNIX's
US's
USA's
USSR's
UT's
UV's
Ubangi
Ubuntu
Ubuntu's
Ucayali
Uccello
Uccello's
Udall
Ufa
Ufa's
Uganda
Uganda's
Ugandan
Ugandan's
Ugandans
Uighur
Uighur's
Ujungpandang
Ujungpandang's
Ukraine
Ukraine's
Ukrainian
Ukrainian's
Ukrainians
Ulster
Ulster's
Ultrasuede
Ultrasuede's
Ulyanovsk
Ulysses
Ulysses's
Umbriel
Umbriel's
Underwood
Underwood's
Ungava
Unicode
Unicode's
Unilever
Unilever's
Union
Union's
Unions
Uniroyal
Uniroyal's
Unitarian
Unitarian's
Unitarianism
Unitarianism's
Unitarianisms
Unitarians
Unitas
Unitas's
Unukalhai
Unukalhai's
Upanishads
Updike
Upjohn
Upjohn's
Upton
Upton's
Ur
Ural
Urals
Urania
Urania's
Uranus
Uranus's
Urban
Urban's
Urdu
Urdu's
Urey
Uriah
Uriel
Uris
Urquhart
Ursa
Ursa's
Ursula
Ursuline
Uruguay
Uruguay's
Uruguayan
Uruguayan's
Uruguayans
Urumqi
Usenet
Usenet's
Ustinov
Utah
Utah's
Ute
Ute's
Utopia
Utopia's
Utopian
Utopian's
Utopians
Utopias
Utrecht
Utrecht's
Utrillo
Utrillo's
Uzbek
Uzbek's
Uzbekistan
Uzbekistan's
Uzi
Uzi's
V
V's
VAT's
VCR's
VD's
VHF's
VI's
VIP's
VLF's
Va
Vader
Vader's
Vaduz
Vaduz's
Val
Val's
Valarie
Valarie's
Valdez
Valdez's
Valencia
Valencia's
Valenti
Valenti's
Valentin
Valentin's
Valentine
Valentine's
Valentino
Valenzuela
Valenzuela's
Valeria
Valeria's
Valerian
Valerian's
Valerie
Valerie's
Valhalla
Valhalla's
Valium
Valium's
Valiums
Valkyrie
Valkyrie's
Valkyries
Valletta
Valletta's
Valois
Valparaiso
Valparaiso's
Valvoline
Valvoline's
Valéry
Van
Vance
Vancouver
Vancouver's
Vandal
Vandal's
Vanderbilt
Vandyke
Vanessa
Vanessa's
Vang
Vang's
Vanuatu
Vanuatu's
Vanzetti
Vanzetti's
Varanasi
Varese
Vargas
Vaseline
Vaseline's
Vaselines
Vasquez
Vasquez's
Vassar
Vassar's
Vatican
Vatican's
Vauban
Vaughan
Vaughn
Vaughn's
Vazquez
Vazquez's
Veblen
Veblen's
Veda
Veda's
Vedanta
Vedas
Vega
Vega's
Vegas
Vegemite
Vegemite's
Vela
Velcro
Velcro's
Velcros
Velez
Velez's
Velma
Velma's
Velveeta
Velveeta's
Velásquez
Velásquez's
Velázquez
Venetian
Venetian's
Venetians
Venezuela
Venezuela's
Venezuelan
Venezuelan's
Venezuelans
Venice
Venice's
Venn
Venn's
Ventolin
Ventolin's
Venus
Venus's
Venuses
Venusian
Vera
Vera's
Veracruz
Veracruz's
Verde
Verdi
Verdun
Verdun's
Vergil
Vergil's
Verizon
Verizon's
Verlaine
Verlaine's
Vermeer
Vermont
Vermont's
Vermonter
Vermonter's
Vern
Vern's
Verna
Verna's
Verne
Vernon
Vernon's
Verona
Verona's
Veronese
Veronica
Versailles
Versailles's
Vesalius
Vesalius's
Vespasian
Vespucci
Vespucci's
Vesta
Vesta's
Vesuvius
Vesuvius's
Viacom
Viacom's
Viagra
Vic
Vicente
Vicente's
Vichy
Vicki
Vicki's
Vickie
Vickie's
Vicksburg
Vicksburg's
Vicky
Victor
Victor's
Victoria
Victoria's
Victorian
Victorian's
Victorians
Victrola
Victrola's
Vidal
Vidal's
Vienna
Vienna's
Viennese
Vientiane
Vientiane's
Vietcong
Vietminh
Vietnam
Vietnam's
Vietnamese
Vietnamese's
Vijayanagar
Vijayanagar's
Vijayawada
Vijayawada's
Viking
Viking's
Vikings
Vila
Vila's
Villa
Villarreal
Villarreal's
Villon
Vilma
Vilma's
Vilnius
Vilnius's
Vilyui
Vilyui's
Vince
Vince's
Vincent
Vincent's
Vindemiatrix
Vindemiatrix's
Vinson
Vinson's
Viola
Viola's
Violet
Violet's
Virgie
Virgie's
Virgil
Virgil's
Virginia
Virginia's
Virginian
Virginian's
Virginians
Virgo
Virgo's
Virgos
Visa
Visa's
Visakhapatnam
Visayans
Vishnu
Vishnu's
Visigoth
Visigoth's
Vistula
Vistula's
Vitim
Vitim's
Vito
Vito's
Vitus
Vitus's
Vivaldi
Vivekananda
Vivekananda's
Vivian
Vivienne
Vivienne's
Vlad
Vlad's
Vladimir
Vladivostok
Vladivostok's
Vlaminck
Vlasic
Vlasic's
Vogue
Vogue's
Volcker
Volcker's
Voldemort
Voldemort's
Volga
Volga's
Volgograd
Volgograd's
Volkswagen
Volkswagen's
Volstead
Volstead's
Volta
Voltaire
Voltaire's
Volvo
Volvo's
Vonda
Vonda's
Vonnegut
Vonnegut's
Voronezh
Vorster
Vorster's
Voyager
Voyager's
Vuitton
Vuitton's
Vulcan
Vulcan's
Vulgate
Vulgate's
Vulgates
W
W's
WASP's
WATS's
WHO's
WWW's
Wabash
Wabash's
Wac
Waco
Wade
Wagner
Wagner's
Wagnerian
Wahhabi
Waikiki
Waite
Waite's
Wake
Wake's
Waksman
Wald
Wald's
Waldemar
Waldemar's
Walden
Walden's
Waldensian
Waldheim
Waldo
Waldo's
Waldorf
Waldorf's
Wales
Wales's
Walesa
Walgreen
Walgreen's
Walker
Walker's
Walkman
Wall
Wall's
Wallace
Wallenstein
Waller
Wallis
Walloon
Walls
Walmart
Walmart's
Walpole
Walpole's
Walpurgisnacht
Walsh
Walsh's
Walt
Walt's
Walter
Walters
Walton
Walton's
Wanamaker
Wanamaker's
Wanda
Wanda's
Wang
Wang's
Wankel
Wankel's
Ward
Ware
Ware's
Warhol
Waring
Waring's
Warner
Warner's
Warren
Warsaw
Warsaw's
Warwick
Wasatch
Wasatch's
Wash
Washington
Washington's
Washingtonian
Washingtonian's
Washingtonians
Wasp
Wassermann
Waterbury
Waterford
Watergate
Waterloo
Waterloo's
Waterloos
Waters
Waters's
Watkins
Watson
Watt
Watteau
Watts
Watusi
Waugh
Wayne
Weaver
Weaver's
Webb
Weber
Webern
Webern's
Webster
Webster's
Websters
Wed
Wed's
Weddell
Weddell's
Wedgwood
Wednesday
Wednesday's
Wednesdays
Weeks
Weeks's
Wehrmacht
Wei
Wei's
Weierstrass
Weierstrass's
Weill
Weill's
Weinberg
Weinberg's
Weiss
Weiss's
Weissmuller
Weissmuller's
Weizmann
Welch
Weldon
Weldon's
Welland
Welland's
Weller
Weller's
Welles
Wellington
Wellington's
Wellingtons
Wells
Welsh
Welsh's
Welshman
Welshman's
Welshmen
Wendell
Wendell's
Wendi
Wendi's
Wendy
Wendy's
Wesak
Wesak's
Wesley
Wesley's
Wesleyan
Wesleyan's
Wessex
Wesson
Wesson's
West
West's
Western
Western's
Westerner
Westerns
Westinghouse
Westminster
Weston
Weston's
Westphalia
Wests
Weyden
Weyden's
Wezen
Wezen's
Wharton
Wheaties
Wheaties's
Wheatstone
Wheatstone's
Wheeler
Wheeler's
Wheeling
Wheeling's
Whig
Whig's
Whigs
Whipple
Whipple's
Whirlpool
Whirlpool's
Whistler
Whitaker
White
White's
Whitefield
Whitefield's
Whitehall
Whitehead
Whitehorse
Whitehorse's
Whiteley
Whiteley's
Whites
Whitfield
Whitfield's
Whitley
Whitley's
Whitman
Whitney
Whitney's
Whitsunday
Whitsunday's
Whitsundays
Whittier
Wicca
Wichita
Wichita's
Wiemar
Wiemar's
Wiesel
Wiesel's
Wiesenthal
Wiesenthal's
Wiggins
Wigner
Wigner's
Wii
Wii's
Wikipedia
Wikipedia's
Wilberforce
Wilbert
Wilbert's
Wilbur
Wilbur's
Wilburn
Wilburn's
Wilcox
Wilcox's
Wilda
Wilda's
Wilde
Wilder
Wiles
Wiley
Wiley's
Wilford
Wilford's
Wilfred
Wilfred's
Wilfredo
Wilfredo's
Wilhelm
Wilhelm's
Wilhelmina
Wilhelmina's
Wilkerson
Wilkerson's
Wilkes
Wilkins
Wilkinson
Wilkinson's
Will
Will's
Willa
Willa's
Willamette
Willamette's
Willard
Willemstad
William
Williams
Williamson
Willie
Willie's
Willis
Willy
Willy's
Wilma
Wilma's
Wilmer
Wilmer's
Wilmington
Wilmington's
Wilson
Wilson's
Wilsonian
Wilton
Wilton's
Wimbledon
Wimbledon's
Wimsey
Wimsey's
Winchell
Winchell's
Winchester
Windbreaker
Windex
Windex's
Windhoek
Windows
Windsor
Windsor's
Windsors
Windward
Windward's
Winesap
Winesap's
Winfred
Winfred's
Winfrey
Winfrey's
Winifred
Winifred's
Winkle
Winkle's
Winnebago
Winnebago's
Winnie
Winnipeg
Winnipeg's
Winston
Winston's
Winters
Winthrop
Winthrop's
Wis
Wisconsin
Wisconsin's
Wisconsinite
Wisconsinite's
Wisconsinites
Wise
Wise's
Witt
Witt's
Wittgenstein
Wittgenstein's
Witwatersrand
Wm
Wm's
Wobegon
Wobegon's
Wodehouse
Wodehouse's
Wolf
Wolfe
Wolff
Wolfgang
Wolfgang's
Wollongong
Wollstonecraft
Wollstonecraft's
Wolsey
Wonder
Wonderbra
Wonderbra's
Wong
Wong's
Wood
Woodard
Woodard's
Woodhull
Woodhull's
Woodrow
Woodrow's
Woods
Woodstock
Woodstock's
Woodward
Woodward's
Woolf
Woolite
Woolite's
Woolongong
Woolongong's
Woolworth
Wooster
Wooster's
Wooten
Wooten's
Worcester
Worcester's
Worcesters
Worcestershire
Wordsworth
Wordsworth's
Workman
Workman's
Worms
Wotan
Wotan's
Wovoka
Wovoka's
Wozniak
Wozniak's
Wozzeck
Wozzeck's
Wrangell
Wrangell's
Wren
Wright
Wrigley
Wrigley's
Wroclaw
Wroclaw's
Wu
Wu's
Wuhan
Wurlitzer
Wurlitzer's
Wyatt
Wycherley
Wycherley's
Wycliffe
Wycliffe's
Wyeth
Wylie
Wylie's
Wynn
Wynn's
Wyo
Wyoming
Wyoming's
Wyomingite
Wyomingite's
Wyomingites
X
X's
XEmacs
XEmacs's
XL's
Xanadu
Xanthippe
Xavier
Xe
Xe's
Xenakis
Xenakis's
Xenia
Xenia's
Xenophon
Xerox
Xerox's
Xeroxes
Xerxes
Xhosa
Xhosa's
Xi'an
Xiaoping
Xiaoping's
Ximenes
Xingu
Xingu's
Xiongnu
Xiongnu's
Xmas
Xmas's
Xmases
Xochipilli
Xochipilli's
Xuzhou
Xuzhou's
Y
Y's
Yacc
Yacc's
Yahoo
Yahoo's
Yahtzee
Yahtzee's
Yahweh
Yahweh's
Yakima
Yakut
Yakut's
Yakutsk
Yale
Yale's
Yalow
Yalow's
Yalta
Yalta's
Yalu
Yalu's
Yamagata
Yamagata's
Yamaha
Yamaha's
Yamoussoukro
Yang
Yangon
Yangon's
Yangtze
Yangtze's
Yank
Yank's
Yankee
Yankee's
Yankees
Yanks
Yaobang
Yaobang's
Yaounde
Yaounde's
Yaqui
Yaroslavl
Yataro
Yataro's
Yates
Yb
Yb's
Yeager
Yeager's
Yeats
Yeats's
Yekaterinburg
Yellowknife
Yellowstone
Yellowstone's
Yeltsin
Yemen
Yemen's
Yemeni
Yemeni's
Yemenis
Yenisei
Yenisei's
Yerevan
Yerkes
Yerkes's
Yesenia
Yesenia's
Yevtushenko
Yevtushenko's
Yggdrasil
Yiddish
Yiddish's
Ymir
Ymir's
Yoda
Yoda's
Yoknapatawpha
Yoknapatawpha's
Yoko
Yoko's
Yokohama
Yolanda
Yolanda's
Yong
Yong's
Yonkers
York
York's
Yorkie
Yorkshire
Yorkshire's
Yorktown
Yorktown's
Yoruba
Yoruba's
Yosemite
Yosemite's
Yossarian
Yossarian's
YouTube
YouTube's
Young
Youngstown
Ypres
Ypres's
Ypsilanti
Yuan
Yuan's
Yucatan
Yucatan's
Yugo
Yugoslav
Yugoslav's
Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia's
Yugoslavian
Yugoslavian's
Yugoslavians
Yukon
Yukon's
Yule
Yule's
Yules
Yuletide
Yuletide's
Yuletides
Yunnan
Yunnan's
Yuri
Yuri's
Yves
Yves's
Yvette
Yvette's
Yvonne
Yvonne's
Z
Z's
Zachariah
Zachariah's
Zachary
Zachary's
Zachery
Zachery's
Zagreb
Zagreb's
Zaire
Zaire's
Zairian
Zambezi
Zambezi's
Zambia
Zambia's
Zambian
Zambian's
Zambians
Zamboni
Zamenhof
Zamenhof's
Zamora
Zane
Zane's
Zanuck
Zanuck's
Zanzibar
Zanzibar's
Zapata
Zaporozhye
Zapotec
Zappa
Zappa's
Zara
Zara's
Zebedee
Zechariah
Zedekiah
Zedekiah's
Zedong
Zedong's
Zeffirelli
Zeffirelli's
Zeke
Zeke's
Zelig
Zelma
Zelma's
Zen
Zen's
Zenger
Zenger's
Zeno
Zeno's
Zens
Zephaniah
Zephyrus
Zeppelin
Zest
Zest's
Zeus
Zeus's
Zhengzhou
Zhivago
Zhivago's
Zhukov
Zibo
Zibo's
Ziegfeld
Ziegler
Ziegler's
Ziggy
Ziggy's
Zimbabwe
Zimbabwe's
Zimbabwean
Zimbabwean's
Zimbabweans
Zimmerman
Zimmerman's
Zinfandel
Zinfandel's
Zion
Zion's
Zionism
Zionism's
Zionisms
Zionist
Zionist's
Zionists
Zions
Ziploc
Zn
Zn's
Zoe
Zoe's
Zola
Zola's
Zollverein
Zoloft
Zomba
Zomba's
Zorn
Zoroaster
Zoroaster's
Zoroastrian
Zoroastrian's
Zoroastrianism
Zoroastrianism's
Zoroastrianisms
Zorro
Zorro's
Zosma
Zosma's
Zr
Zr's
Zsigmondy
Zubenelgenubi
Zubenelgenubi's
Zubeneschamali
Zubeneschamali's
Zukor
Zukor's
Zulu
Zulu's
Zulus
Zuni
Zwingli
Zwingli's
Zworykin
Zyrtec
Zyrtec's
Zyuganov
Zyuganov's
Zürich
Zürich's
a
aardvark
aardvark's
aardvarks
abaci
aback
abacus
abacus's
abacuses
abaft
abalone
abalone's
abalones
abandon
abandoned
abandoning
abandonment
abandonment's
abandons
abase
abased
abasement
abasement's
abases
abash
abashed
abashes
abashing
abasing
abate
abated
abatement
abatement's
abates
abating
abattoir
abattoir's
abattoirs
abbess
abbess's
abbesses
abbey
abbey's
abbeys
abbot
abbot's
abbots
abbreviate
abbreviated
abbreviates
abbreviating
abbreviation
abbreviation's
abbreviations
abbé
abbé's
abbés
abdicate
abdicated
abdicates
abdicating
abdication
abdication's
abdications
abdomen
abdomen's
abdomens
abdominal
abduct
abducted
abducting
abduction
abduction's
abductions
abductor
abductor's
abductors
abducts
abeam
abed
aberrant
aberration
aberration's
aberrations
abet
abets
abetted
abetter
abetter's
abetters
abetting
abettor
abettor's
abettors
abeyance
abeyance's
abhor
abhorred
abhorrence
abhorrence's
abhorrent
abhorring
abhors
abide
abided
abides
abiding
abilities
ability
ability's
abject
abjectly
abjuration
abjuration's
abjurations
abjure
abjured
abjures
abjuring
ablative
ablative's
ablatives
ablaze
able
abler
ablest
abloom
ablution
ablution's
ablutions
ably
abnegate
abnegated
abnegates
abnegating
abnegation
abnegation's
abnormal
abnormalities
abnormality
abnormality's
abnormally
aboard
abode
abode's
abodes
abolish
abolished
abolishes
abolishing
abolition
abolition's
abolitionist
abolitionist's
abolitionists
abominable
abominably
abominate
abominated
abominates
abominating
abomination
abomination's
abominations
aboriginal
aboriginal's
aboriginals
aborigine
aborigine's
aborigines
abort
aborted
aborting
abortion
abortion's
abortionist
abortionist's
abortionists
abortions
abortive
aborts
abound
abounded
abounding
abounds
about
above
above's
aboveboard
abracadabra
abracadabra's
abrade
abraded
abrades
abrading
abrasion
abrasion's
abrasions
abrasive
abrasive's
abrasively
abrasiveness
abrasiveness's
abrasives
abreast
abridge
abridged
abridgement
abridgement's
abridgements
abridges
abridging
abridgment
abridgment's
abridgments
abroad
abrogate
abrogated
abrogates
abrogating
abrogation
abrogation's
abrogations
abrupt
abrupter
abruptest
abruptly
abruptness
abruptness's
abscess
abscess's
abscessed
abscesses
abscessing
abscissa
abscissa's
abscissae
abscissas
abscond
absconded
absconding
absconds
absence
absence's
absences
absent
absented
absentee
absentee's
absenteeism
absenteeism's
absentees
absenting
absently
absents
absinth
absinth's
absinthe
absinthe's
absolute
absolute's
absolutely
absolutes
absolutest
absolution
absolution's
absolutism
absolutism's
absolve
absolved
absolves
absolving
absorb
absorbed
absorbency
absorbency's
absorbent
absorbent's
absorbents
absorbing
absorbs
absorption
absorption's
abstain
abstained
abstainer
abstainer's
abstainers
abstaining
abstains
abstemious
abstention
abstention's
abstentions
abstinence
abstinence's
abstinent
abstract
abstract's
abstracted
abstractedly
abstracting
abstraction
abstraction's
abstractions
abstractly
abstractness
abstractness's
abstractnesses
abstracts
abstruse
abstrusely
abstruseness
abstruseness's
absurd
absurder
absurdest
absurdities
absurdity
absurdity's
absurdly
abundance
abundance's
abundances
abundant
abundantly
abuse
abuse's
abused
abuser
abuser's
abusers
abuses
abusing
abusive
abusively
abusiveness
abusiveness's
abut
abutment
abutment's
abutments
abuts
abutted
abutting
abuzz
abysmal
abysmally
abyss
abyss's
abysses
acacia
acacia's
acacias
academia
academia's
academic
academic's
academical
academically
academician
academician's
academicians
academics
academies
academy
academy's
acanthi
acanthus
acanthus's
acanthuses
accede
acceded
accedes
acceding
accelerate
accelerated
accelerates
accelerating
acceleration
acceleration's
accelerations
accelerator
accelerator's
accelerators
accent
accent's
accented
accenting
accents
accentuate
accentuated
accentuates
accentuating
accentuation
accentuation's
accept
acceptability
acceptability's
acceptable
acceptably
acceptance
acceptance's
acceptances
accepted
accepting
accepts
access
access's
accessed
accesses
accessibility
accessibility's
accessible
accessibly
accessing
accession
accession's
accessioned
accessioning
accessions
accessories
accessory
accessory's
accident
accident's
accidental
accidental's
accidentally
accidentals
accidents
acclaim
acclaim's
acclaimed
acclaiming
acclaims
acclamation
acclamation's
acclimate
acclimated
acclimates
acclimating
acclimation
acclimation's
acclimatization
acclimatization's
acclimatize
acclimatized
acclimatizes
acclimatizing
accolade
accolade's
accolades
accommodate
accommodated
accommodates
accommodating
accommodation
accommodation's
accommodations
accompanied
accompanies
accompaniment
accompaniment's
accompaniments
accompanist
accompanist's
accompanists
accompany
accompanying
accomplice
accomplice's
accomplices
accomplish
accomplished
accomplishes
accomplishing
accomplishment
accomplishment's
accomplishments
accord
accord's
accordance
accordance's
accorded
according
accordingly
accordion
accordion's
accordions
accords
accost
accost's
accosted
accosting
accosts
account
account's
accountability
accountability's
accountable
accountancy
accountancy's
accountant
accountant's
accountants
accounted
accounting
accounting's
accounts
accouterments
accouterments's
accoutrements
accredit
accreditation
accreditation's
accredited
accrediting
accredits
accretion
accretion's
accretions
accrual
accrual's
accruals
accrue
accrued
accrues
accruing
acculturation
acculturation's
accumulate
accumulated
accumulates
accumulating
accumulation
accumulation's
accumulations
accumulative
accumulator
accuracy
accuracy's
accurate
accurately
accurateness
accurateness's
accursed
accurst
accusation
accusation's
accusations
accusative
accusative's
accusatives
accusatory
accuse
accused
accuser
accuser's
accusers
accuses
accusing
accusingly
accustom
accustomed
accustoming
accustoms
ace
ace's
aced
acerbic
acerbity
acerbity's
aces
acetaminophen
acetaminophen's
acetate
acetate's
acetates
acetic
acetone
acetone's
acetylene
acetylene's
ache
ache's
ached
aches
achier
achiest
achievable
achieve
achieved
achievement
achievement's
achievements
achiever
achiever's
achievers
achieves
achieving
aching
achoo
achoo's
achromatic
achy
acid
acid's
acidic
acidified
acidifies
acidify
acidifying
acidity
acidity's
acidly
acids
acidulous
acing
acknowledge
acknowledged
acknowledgement
acknowledgement's
acknowledgements
acknowledges
acknowledging
acknowledgment
acknowledgment's
acknowledgments
acme
acme's
acmes
acne
acne's
acolyte
acolyte's
acolytes
aconite
aconite's
aconites
acorn
acorn's
acorns
acoustic
acoustical
acoustically
acoustics
acoustics's
acquaint
acquaintance
acquaintance's
acquaintances
acquainted
acquainting
acquaints
acquiesce
acquiesced
acquiescence
acquiescence's
acquiescent
acquiesces
acquiescing
acquirable
acquire
acquired
acquirement
acquirement's
acquires
acquiring
acquisition
acquisition's
acquisitions
acquisitive
acquisitiveness
acquisitiveness's
acquit
acquits
acquittal
acquittal's
acquittals
acquitted
acquitting
acre
acre's
acreage
acreage's
acreages
acres
acrid
acrider
acridest
acrimonious
acrimony
acrimony's
acrobat
acrobat's
acrobatic
acrobatics
acrobatics's
acrobats
acronym
acronym's
acronyms
across
acrostic
acrostic's
acrostics
acrylic
acrylic's
acrylics
act
act's
acted
acting
acting's
actinium
actinium's
action
action's
actionable
actions
activate
activated
activates
activating
activation
activation's
active
active's
actively
actives
activism
activism's
activist
activist's
activists
activities
activity
activity's
actor
actor's
actors
actress
actress's
actresses
acts
actual
actualities
actuality
actuality's
actualization
actualization's
actualize
actualized
actualizes
actualizing
actually
actuarial
actuaries
actuary
actuary's
actuate
actuated
actuates
actuating
actuator
actuator's
actuators
acuity
acuity's
acumen
acumen's
acupuncture
acupuncture's
acupuncturist
acupuncturist's
acupuncturists
acute
acute's
acutely
acuteness
acuteness's
acuter
acutes
acutest
ad
ad's
adage
adage's
adages
adagio
adagio's
adagios
adamant
adamant's
adamantly
adapt
adaptability
adaptability's
adaptable
adaptation
adaptation's
adaptations
adapted
adapter
adapter's
adapters
adapting
adaptive
adaptor
adaptor's
adaptors
adapts
add
added
addend
addend's
addenda
addends
addendum
addendum's
addendums
adder
adder's
adders
addict
addict's
addicted
addicting
addiction
addiction's
addictions
addictive
addicts
adding
addition
addition's
additional
additionally
additions
additive
additive's
additives
addle
addled
addles
addling
address
address's
addressable
addressed
addressee
addressee's
addressees
addresses
addressing
adds
adduce
adduced
adduces
adducing
adenoid
adenoid's
adenoidal
adenoids
adept
adept's
adeptly
adeptness
adeptness's
adepts
adequacy
adequacy's
adequate
adequately
adhere
adhered
adherence
adherence's
adherent
adherent's
adherents
adheres
adhering
adhesion
adhesion's
adhesive
adhesive's
adhesives
adiabatic
adieu
adieu's
adieus
adieux
adipose
adiós
adjacent
adjacently
adjectival
adjectivally
adjective
adjective's
adjectives
adjoin
adjoined
adjoining
adjoins
adjourn
adjourned
adjourning
adjournment
adjournment's
adjournments
adjourns
adjudge
adjudged
adjudges
adjudging
adjudicate
adjudicated
adjudicates
adjudicating
adjudication
adjudication's
adjudicator
adjudicator's
adjudicators
adjunct
adjunct's
adjuncts
adjuration
adjuration's
adjurations
adjure
adjured
adjures
adjuring
adjust
adjustable
adjusted
adjuster
adjuster's
adjusters
adjusting
adjustment
adjustment's
adjustments
adjustor
adjustor's
adjustors
adjusts
adjutant
adjutant's
adjutants
adman
adman's
admen
administer
administered
administering
administers
administrate
administrated
administrates
administrating
administration
administration's
administrations
administrative
administratively
administrator
administrator's
administrators
admirable
admirably
admiral
admiral's
admirals
admiralty
admiralty's
admiration
admiration's
admire
admired
admirer
admirer's
admirers
admires
admiring
admiringly
admissibility
admissibility's
admissible
admission
admission's
admissions
admit
admits
admittance
admittance's
admitted
admittedly
admitting
admixture
admixture's
admixtures
admonish
admonished
admonishes
admonishing
admonishment
admonishment's
admonishments
admonition
admonition's
admonitions
admonitory
ado
ado's
adobe
adobe's
adobes
adolescence
adolescence's
adolescences
adolescent
adolescent's
adolescents
adopt
adopted
adopting
adoption
adoption's
adoptions
adoptive
adopts
adorable
adorably
adoration
adoration's
adore
adored
adores
adoring
adoringly
adorn
adorned
adorning
adornment
adornment's
adornments
adorns
adrenal
adrenal's
adrenaline
adrenaline's
adrenals
adrift
adroit
adroitly
adroitness
adroitness's
ads
adulate
adulated
adulates
adulating
adulation
adulation's
adult
adult's
adulterant
adulterant's
adulterants
adulterate
adulterated
adulterates
adulterating
adulteration
adulteration's
adulterer
adulterer's
adulterers
adulteress
adulteress's
adulteresses
adulteries
adulterous
adultery
adultery's
adulthood
adulthood's
adults
adumbrate
adumbrated
adumbrates
adumbrating
adumbration
adumbration's
advance
advance's
advanced
advancement
advancement's
advancements
advances
advancing
advantage
advantage's
advantaged
advantageous
advantageously
advantages
advantaging
advent
advent's
adventitious
advents
adventure
adventure's
adventured
adventurer
adventurer's
adventurers
adventures
adventuresome
adventuress
adventuress's
adventuresses
adventuring
adventurous
adventurously
adverb
adverb's
adverbial
adverbial's
adverbials
adverbs
adversarial
adversaries
adversary
adversary's
adverse
adversely
adverser
adversest
adversities
adversity
adversity's
advert
advert's
adverted
adverting
advertise
advertised
advertisement
advertisement's
advertisements
advertiser
advertiser's
advertisers
advertises
advertising
advertising's
adverts
advice
advice's
advisability
advisability's
advisable
advise
advised
advisedly
advisement
advisement's
adviser
adviser's
advisers
advises
advising
advisor
advisor's
advisories
advisors
advisory
advisory's
advocacy
advocacy's
advocate
advocate's
advocated
advocates
advocating
adz
adz's
adze
adze's
adzes
aegis
aegis's
aeon
aeon's
aeons
aerate
aerated
aerates
aerating
aeration
aeration's
aerator
aerator's
aerators
aerial
aerial's
aerialist
aerialist's
aerialists
aerials
aerie
aerie's
aeries
aerobatics
aerobatics's
aerobic
aerobics
aerobics's
aerodynamic
aerodynamically
aerodynamics
aerodynamics's
aeronautical
aeronautics
aeronautics's
aerosol
aerosol's
aerosols
aerospace
aerospace's
aery
aery's
aesthete
aesthete's
aesthetes
aesthetic
aesthetically
aesthetics
aesthetics's
afar
affability
affability's
affable
affably
affair
affair's
affairs
affect
affect's
affectation
affectation's
affectations
affected
affecting
affection
affection's
affectionate
affectionately
affections
affects
affidavit
affidavit's
affidavits
affiliate
affiliate's
affiliated
affiliates
affiliating
affiliation
affiliation's
affiliations
affinities
affinity
affinity's
affirm
affirmation
affirmation's
affirmations
affirmative
affirmative's
affirmatively
affirmatives
affirmed
affirming
affirms
affix
affix's
affixed
affixes
affixing
afflict
afflicted
afflicting
affliction
affliction's
afflictions
afflicts
affluence
affluence's
affluent
affluently
afford
affordable
afforded
affording
affords
afforest
afforestation
afforestation's
afforested
afforesting
afforests
affray
affray's
affrays
affront
affront's
affronted
affronting
affronts
afghan
afghan's
afghans
aficionado
aficionado's
aficionados
afield
afire
aflame
afloat
aflutter
afoot
aforementioned
aforesaid
aforethought
afoul
afraid
afresh
aft
after
afterbirth
afterbirth's
afterbirths
afterburner
afterburner's
afterburners
aftercare
aftercare's
aftereffect
aftereffect's
aftereffects
afterglow
afterglow's
afterglows
afterlife
afterlife's
afterlives
aftermath
aftermath's
aftermaths
afternoon
afternoon's
afternoons
aftershave
aftershave's
aftershaves
aftershock
aftershock's
aftershocks
aftertaste
aftertaste's
aftertastes
afterthought
afterthought's
afterthoughts
afterward
afterwards
afterword
afterword's
afterwords
again
against
agape
agape's
agar
agar's
agate
agate's
agates
agave
agave's
age
age's
aged
ageing
ageing's
ageings
ageism
ageism's
ageless
agencies
agency
agency's
agenda
agenda's
agendas
agent
agent's
agents
ages
agglomerate
agglomerate's
agglomerated
agglomerates
agglomerating
agglomeration
agglomeration's
agglomerations
agglutinate
agglutinated
agglutinates
agglutinating
agglutination
agglutination's
agglutinations
aggrandize
aggrandized
aggrandizement
aggrandizement's
aggrandizes
aggrandizing
aggravate
aggravated
aggravates
aggravating
aggravation
aggravation's
aggravations
aggregate
aggregate's
aggregated
aggregates
aggregating
aggregation
aggregation's
aggregations
aggression
aggression's
aggressive
aggressively
aggressiveness
aggressiveness's
aggressor
aggressor's
aggressors
aggrieve
aggrieved
aggrieves
aggrieving
aghast
agile
agilely
agiler
agilest
agility
agility's
aging
aging's
agings
agism
agitate
agitated
agitates
agitating
agitation
agitation's
agitations
agitator
agitator's
agitators
agleam
aglitter
aglow
agnostic
agnostic's
agnosticism
agnosticism's
agnostics
ago
agog
agonies
agonize
agonized
agonizes
agonizing
agonizingly
agony
agony's
agrarian
agrarian's
agrarians
agree
agreeable
agreeably
agreed
agreeing
agreement
agreement's
agreements
agrees
agribusiness
agribusiness's
agribusinesses
agricultural
agriculturalist
agriculturalist's
agriculturalists
agriculture
agriculture's
agronomist
agronomist's
agronomists
agronomy
agronomy's
aground
ague
ague's
ah
aha
ahead
ahem
ahoy
aid
aid's
aide
aide's
aided
aides
aiding
aids
ail
ailed
aileron
aileron's
ailerons
ailing
ailment
ailment's
ailments
ails
aim
aim's
aimed
aiming
aimless
aimlessly
aimlessness
aimlessness's
aims
ain't
air
air's
airborne
airbrush
airbrush's
airbrushed
airbrushes
airbrushing
aircraft
aircraft's
airdrop
airdrop's
airdropped
airdropping
airdrops
aired
airfare
airfare's
airfares
airfield
airfield's
airfields
airfoil
airfoil's
airfoils
airhead
airhead's
airheads
airier
airiest
airily
airiness
airiness's
airing
airing's
airings
airless
airlift
airlift's
airlifted
airlifting
airlifts
airline
airline's
airliner
airliner's
airliners
airlines
airmail
airmail's
airmailed
airmailing
airmails
airman
airman's
airmen
airplane
airplane's
airplanes
airport
airport's
airports
airs
airship
airship's
airships
airsick
airsickness
airsickness's
airspace
airspace's
airstrip
airstrip's
airstrips
airtight
airwaves
airwaves's
airway
airway's
airways
airworthier
airworthiest
airworthy
airy
aisle
aisle's
aisles
ajar
akimbo
akin
alabaster
alabaster's
alacrity
alacrity's
alarm
alarm's
alarmed
alarming
alarmingly
alarmist
alarmist's
alarmists
alarms
alas
alb
alb's
albacore
albacore's
albacores
albatross
albatross's
albatrosses
albeit
albino
albino's
albinos
albs
album
album's
albumen
albumen's
albumin
albumin's
albums
alchemist
alchemist's
alchemists
alchemy
alchemy's
alcohol
alcohol's
alcoholic
alcoholic's
alcoholics
alcoholism
alcoholism's
alcohols
alcove
alcove's
alcoves
alder
alder's
alderman
alderman's
aldermen
alders
alderwoman
alderwoman's
alderwomen
ale
ale's
alert
alert's
alerted
alerting
alertly
alertness
alertness's
alerts
ales
alfalfa
alfalfa's
alfresco
alga
alga's
algae
algebra
algebra's
algebraic
algebraically
algebras
algorithm
algorithm's
algorithmic
algorithms
alias
alias's
aliased
aliases
aliasing
alibi
alibi's
alibied
alibiing
alibis
alien
alien's
alienable
alienate
alienated
alienates
alienating
alienation
alienation's
aliened
aliening
aliens
alight
alighted
alighting
alights
align
aligned
aligning
alignment
alignment's
alignments
aligns
alike
alimentary
alimony
alimony's
aline
alined
alinement
alinement's
alinements
alines
alining
alit
alive
alkali
alkali's
alkalies
alkaline
alkalinity
alkalinity's
alkalis
alkaloid
alkaloid's
alkaloids
all
all's
allay
allayed
allaying
allays
allegation
allegation's
allegations
allege
alleged
allegedly
alleges
allegiance
allegiance's
allegiances
alleging
allegorical
allegorically
allegories
allegory
allegory's
allegro
allegro's
allegros
alleluia
alleluia's
alleluias
allergen
allergen's
allergenic
allergens
allergic
allergies
allergist
allergist's
allergists
allergy
allergy's
alleviate
alleviated
alleviates
alleviating
alleviation
alleviation's
alley
alley's
alleys
alleyway
alleyway's
alleyways
alliance
alliance's
alliances
allied
allies
alligator
alligator's
alligators
alliteration
alliteration's
alliterations
alliterative
allocate
allocated
allocates
allocating
allocation
allocation's
allocations
allot
allotment
allotment's
allotments
allots
allotted
allotting
allover
allow
allowable
allowance
allowance's
allowances
allowed
allowing
allows
alloy
alloy's
alloyed
alloying
alloys
allspice
allspice's
allude
alluded
alludes
alluding
allure
allure's
allured
allures
alluring
allusion
allusion's
allusions
allusive
allusively
alluvia
alluvial
alluvial's
alluvium
alluvium's
alluviums
ally
ally's
allying
almanac
almanac's
almanacs
almighty
almond
almond's
almonds
almost
alms
alms's
aloe
aloe's
aloes
aloft
aloha
aloha's
alohas
alone
along
alongside
aloof
aloofness
aloofness's
aloud
alpaca
alpaca's
alpacas
alpha
alpha's
alphabet
alphabet's
alphabetic
alphabetical
alphabetically
alphabetize
alphabetized
alphabetizes
alphabetizing
alphabets
alphanumeric
alphas
alpine
already
alright
also
altar
altar's
altars
alter
alterable
alteration
alteration's
alterations
altercation
altercation's
altercations
altered
altering
alternate
alternate's
alternated
alternately
alternates
alternating
alternation
alternation's
alternations
alternative
alternative's
alternatively
alternatives
alternator
alternator's
alternators
alters
altho
although
altimeter
altimeter's
altimeters
altitude
altitude's
altitudes
alto
alto's
altogether
altos
altruism
altruism's
altruist
altruist's
altruistic
altruistically
altruists
alum
alum's
aluminum
aluminum's
alumna
alumna's
alumnae
alumni
alumnus
alumnus's
alums
always
am
amalgam
amalgam's
amalgamate
amalgamated
amalgamates
amalgamating
amalgamation
amalgamation's
amalgamations
amalgams
amanuenses
amanuensis
amanuensis's
amaranth
amaranth's
amaranths
amaryllis
amaryllis's
amaryllises
amass
amassed
amasses
amassing
amateur
amateur's
amateurish
amateurism
amateurism's
amateurs
amatory
amaze
amaze's
amazed
amazement
amazement's
amazes
amazing
amazingly
amazon
amazon's
amazons
ambassador
ambassador's
ambassadorial
ambassadors
ambassadorship
ambassadorship's
ambassadorships
amber
amber's
ambergris
ambergris's
ambiance
ambiance's
ambiances
ambidextrous
ambidextrously
ambience
ambience's
ambiences
ambient
ambiguities
ambiguity
ambiguity's
ambiguous
ambiguously
ambition
ambition's
ambitions
ambitious
ambitiously
ambitiousness
ambitiousness's
ambivalence
ambivalence's
ambivalent
ambivalently
amble
amble's
ambled
ambles
ambling
ambrosia
ambrosia's
ambulance
ambulance's
ambulances
ambulatories
ambulatory
ambulatory's
ambush
ambush's
ambushed
ambushes
ambushing
ameba
ameba's
amebae
amebas
amebic
ameer
ameer's
ameers
ameliorate
ameliorated
ameliorates
ameliorating
amelioration
amelioration's
amen
amenable
amend
amendable
amended
amending
amendment
amendment's
amendments
amends
amenities
amenity
amenity's
amethyst
amethyst's
amethysts
amiability
amiability's
amiable
amiably
amicability
amicability's
amicable
amicably
amid
amidships
amidst
amigo
amigo's
amigos
amir
amir's
amirs
amiss
amity
amity's
ammeter
ammeter's
ammeters
ammo
ammo's
ammonia
ammonia's
ammunition
ammunition's
amnesia
amnesia's
amnesiac
amnesiac's
amnesiacs
amnestied
amnesties
amnesty
amnesty's
amnestying
amniocenteses
amniocentesis
amniocentesis's
amoeba
amoeba's
amoebae
amoebas
amoebic
amok
among
amongst
amoral
amorality
amorality's
amorally
amorous
amorously
amorousness
amorousness's
amorphous
amorphously
amorphousness
amorphousness's
amortization
amortization's
amortizations
amortize
amortized
amortizes
amortizing
amount
amount's
amounted
amounting
amounts
amour
amour's
amours
amp
amp's
amperage
amperage's
ampere
ampere's
amperes
ampersand
ampersand's
ampersands
amphetamine
amphetamine's
amphetamines
amphibian
amphibian's
amphibians
amphibious
amphitheater
amphitheater's
amphitheaters
amphitheatre
amphitheatre's
amphitheatres
ample
ampler
amplest
amplification
amplification's
amplifications
amplified
amplifier
amplifier's
amplifiers
amplifies
amplify
amplifying
amplitude
amplitude's
amplitudes
amply
ampoule
ampoule's
ampoules
amps
ampul
ampul's
ampule
ampule's
ampules
ampuls
amputate
amputated
amputates
amputating
amputation
amputation's
amputations
amputee
amputee's
amputees
amuck
amulet
amulet's
amulets
amuse
amused
amusement
amusement's
amusements
amuses
amusing
amusingly
an
anachronism
anachronism's
anachronisms
anachronistic
anaconda
anaconda's
anacondas
anaemia
anaemia's
anaemic
anaerobic
anaesthesia
anaesthesia's
anaesthetic
anaesthetic's
anaesthetics
anaesthetist
anaesthetist's
anaesthetists
anaesthetize
anaesthetized
anaesthetizes
anaesthetizing
anagram
anagram's
anagrams
anal
analgesia
analgesia's
analgesic
analgesic's
analgesics
analog
analog's
analogies
analogous
analogously
analogs
analogue
analogue's
analogues
analogy
analogy's
analyses
analysis
analysis's
analyst
analyst's
analysts
analytic
analytical
analyticalally
analytically
analyze
analyzed
analyzer
analyzer's
analyzers
analyzes
analyzing
anapest
anapest's
anapests
anarchic
anarchically
anarchism
anarchism's
anarchist
anarchist's
anarchistic
anarchists
anarchy
anarchy's
anathema
anathema's
anathemas
anatomic
anatomical
anatomically
anatomies
anatomist
anatomist's
anatomists
anatomy
anatomy's
ancestor
ancestor's
ancestors
ancestral
ancestress
ancestress's
ancestresses
ancestries
ancestry
ancestry's
anchor
anchor's
anchorage
anchorage's
anchorages
anchored
anchoring
anchorite
anchorite's
anchorites
anchorman
anchorman's
anchormen
anchorpeople
anchorperson
anchorperson's
anchorpersons
anchors
anchorwoman
anchorwoman's
anchorwomen
anchovies
anchovy
anchovy's
ancient
ancient's
ancienter
ancientest
ancients
ancillaries
ancillary
ancillary's
and
andante
andante's
andantes
andiron
andiron's
andirons
androgen
androgen's
androgynous
android
android's
androids
anecdota
anecdotal
anecdote
anecdote's
anecdotes
anemia
anemia's
anemic
anemometer
anemometer's
anemometers
anemone
anemone's
anemones
anesthesia
anesthesia's
anesthesiologist
anesthesiologist's
anesthesiologists
anesthesiology
anesthesiology's
anesthetic
anesthetic's
anesthetics
anesthetist
anesthetist's
anesthetists
anesthetize
anesthetized
anesthetizes
anesthetizing
aneurism
aneurism's
aneurisms
aneurysm
aneurysm's
aneurysms
anew
angel
angel's
angelic
angelically
angels
anger
anger's
angered
angering
angers
angina
angina's
angioplasties
angioplasty
angioplasty's
angiosperm
angiosperm's
angiosperms
angle
angle's
angled
angler
angler's
anglers
angles
angleworm
angleworm's
angleworms
angling
angling's
angora
angora's
angoras
angrier
angriest
angrily
angry
angst
angst's
angstrom
angstrom's
angstroms
anguish
anguish's
anguished
anguishes
anguishing
angular
angularities
angularity
angularity's
ani
animal
animal's
animals
animate
animated
animatedly
animates
animating
animation
animation's
animations
animator
animator's
animators
animism
animism's
animist
animist's
animistic
animists
animosities
animosity
animosity's
animus
animus's
anion
anion's
anions
anise
anise's
aniseed
aniseed's
ankh
ankh's
ankhs
ankle
ankle's
ankles
anklet
anklet's
anklets
annals
annals's
anneal
annealed
annealing
anneals
annex
annex's
annexation
annexation's
annexations
annexed
annexes
annexing
annihilate
annihilated
annihilates
annihilating
annihilation
annihilation's
annihilator
annihilator's
annihilators
anniversaries
anniversary
anniversary's
annotate
annotated
annotates
annotating
annotation
annotation's
annotations
announce
announced
announcement
announcement's
announcements
announcer
announcer's
announcers
announces
announcing
annoy
annoyance
annoyance's
annoyances
annoyed
annoying
annoyingly
annoys
annual
annual's
annually
annuals
annuities
annuity
annuity's
annul
annular
annulled
annulling
annulment
annulment's
annulments
annuls
anode
anode's
anodes
anodyne
anodyne's
anodynes
anoint
anointed
anointing
anointment
anointment's
anoints
anomalies
anomalous
anomaly
anomaly's
anon
anons
anonymity
anonymity's
anonymous
anonymously
anopheles
anopheles's
anorak
anorak's
anoraks
anorexia
anorexia's
anorexic
anorexic's
anorexics
another
answer
answer's
answerable
answered
answering
answers
ant
ant's
antacid
antacid's
antacids
antagonism
antagonism's
antagonisms
antagonist
antagonist's
antagonistic
antagonistically
antagonists
antagonize
antagonized
antagonizes
antagonizing
antarctic
ante
ante's
anteater
anteater's
anteaters
antebellum
antecedent
antecedent's
antecedents
antechamber
antechamber's
antechambers
anted
antedate
antedated
antedates
antedating
antediluvian
anteed
anteing
antelope
antelope's
antelopes
antenna
antenna's
antennae
antennas
anterior
anteroom
anteroom's
anterooms
antes
anthem
anthem's
anthems
anther
anther's
anthers
anthill
anthill's
anthills
anthologies
anthologist
anthologist's
anthologists
anthologize
anthologized
anthologizes
anthologizing
anthology
anthology's
anthracite
anthracite's
anthrax
anthrax's
anthropocentric
anthropoid
anthropoid's
anthropoids
anthropological
anthropologist
anthropologist's
anthropologists
anthropology
anthropology's
anthropomorphic
anthropomorphism
anthropomorphism's
anti
anti's
antiabortion
antiaircraft
antibiotic
antibiotic's
antibiotics
antibodies
antibody
antibody's
antic
antic's
anticipate
anticipated
anticipates
anticipating
anticipation
anticipation's
anticipations
anticipatory
anticked
anticking
anticlimactic
anticlimax
anticlimax's
anticlimaxes
anticlockwise
antics
anticyclone
anticyclone's
anticyclones
antidepressant
antidepressant's
antidepressants
antidote
antidote's
antidotes
antifreeze
antifreeze's
antigen
antigen's
antigens
antihero
antihero's
antiheroes
antihistamine
antihistamine's
antihistamines
antiknock
antiknock's
antimatter
antimatter's
antimony
antimony's
antiparticle
antiparticle's
antiparticles
antipasti
antipasto
antipasto's
antipastos
antipathetic
antipathies
antipathy
antipathy's
antipersonnel
antiperspirant
antiperspirant's
antiperspirants
antiphonal
antiphonal's
antiphonals
antipodes
antipodes's
antiquarian
antiquarian's
antiquarians
antiquaries
antiquary
antiquary's
antiquate
antiquated
antiquates
antiquating
antique
antique's
antiqued
antiques
antiquing
antiquities
antiquity
antiquity's
antis
antiseptic
antiseptic's
antiseptically
antiseptics
antislavery
antisocial
antitheses
antithesis
antithesis's
antithetical
antithetically
antitoxin
antitoxin's
antitoxins
antitrust
antiviral
antiviral's
antivirals
antiwar
antler
antler's
antlered
antlers
antonym
antonym's
antonyms
ants
anus
anus's
anuses
anvil
anvil's
anvils
anxieties
anxiety
anxiety's
anxious
anxiously
any
anybodies
anybody
anybody's
anyhow
anymore
anyone
anyone's
anyplace
anything
anything's
anythings
anytime
anyway
anywhere
aorta
aorta's
aortae
aortas
apace
apart
apartheid
apartheid's
apartment
apartment's
apartments
apathetic
apathetically
apathy
apathy's
ape
ape's
aped
aperitif
aperitif's
aperitifs
aperture
aperture's
apertures
apes
apex
apex's
apexes
aphasia
aphasia's
aphasic
aphasic's
aphasics
aphelia
aphelion
aphelion's
aphelions
aphid
aphid's
aphids
aphorism
aphorism's
aphorisms
aphoristic
aphrodisiac
aphrodisiac's
aphrodisiacs
apiaries
apiary
apiary's
apices
apiece
aping
aplenty
aplomb
aplomb's
apocalypse
apocalypse's
apocalypses
apocalyptic
apocryphal
apogee
apogee's
apogees
apolitical
apologetic
apologetically
apologia
apologia's
apologias
apologies
apologist
apologist's
apologists
apologize
apologized
apologizes
apologizing
apology
apology's
apoplectic
apoplexies
apoplexy
apoplexy's
apostasies
apostasy
apostasy's
apostate
apostate's
apostates
apostle
apostle's
apostles
apostolic
apostrophe
apostrophe's
apostrophes
apothecaries
apothecary
apothecary's
apotheoses
apotheosis
apotheosis's
appal
appall
appalled
appalling
appallingly
appalls
appals
apparatus
apparatus's
apparatuses
apparel
apparel's
appareled
appareling
apparelled
apparelling
apparels
apparent
apparently
apparition
apparition's
apparitions
appeal
appeal's
appealed
appealing
appeals
appear
appearance
appearance's
appearances
appeared
appearing
appears
appease
appeased
appeasement
appeasement's
appeasements
appeaser
appeaser's
appeasers
appeases
appeasing
appellant
appellant's
appellants
appellate
appellation
appellation's
appellations
append
appendage
appendage's
appendages
appendectomies
appendectomy
appendectomy's
appended
appendices
appendicitis
appendicitis's
appending
appendix
appendix's
appendixes
appends
appertain
appertained
appertaining
appertains
appetite
appetite's
appetites
appetizer
appetizer's
appetizers
appetizing
appetizingly
applaud
applauded
applauding
applauds
applause
applause's
apple
apple's
applejack
applejack's
apples
applesauce
applesauce's
appliance
appliance's
appliances
applicability
applicability's
applicable
applicant
applicant's
applicants
application
application's
applications
applicator
applicator's
applicators
applied
applies
appliqué
appliqué's
appliquéd
appliquéing
appliqués
apply
applying
appoint
appointed
appointee
appointee's
appointees
appointing
appointment
appointment's
appointments
appoints
apportion
apportioned
apportioning
apportionment
apportionment's
apportions
apposite
appositely
appositeness
appositeness's
apposition
apposition's
appositive
appositive's
appositives
appraisal
appraisal's
appraisals
appraise
appraised
appraiser
appraiser's
appraisers
appraises
appraising
appreciable
appreciably
appreciate
appreciated
appreciates
appreciating
appreciation
appreciation's
appreciations
appreciative
appreciatively
apprehend
apprehended
apprehending
apprehends
apprehension
apprehension's
apprehensions
apprehensive
apprehensively
apprehensiveness
apprehensiveness's
apprentice
apprentice's
apprenticed
apprentices
apprenticeship
apprenticeship's
apprenticeships
apprenticing
apprise
apprised
apprises
apprising
approach
approach's
approachable
approached
approaches
approaching
approbation
approbation's
approbations
appropriate
appropriated
appropriately
appropriateness
appropriateness's
appropriates
appropriating
appropriation
appropriation's
appropriations
approval
approval's
approvals
approve
approved
approves
approving
approvingly
approximate
approximated
approximately
approximates
approximating
approximation
approximation's
approximations
appurtenance
appurtenance's
appurtenances
apricot
apricot's
apricots
apron
apron's
aprons
apropos
apse
apse's
apses
apt
apter
aptest
aptitude
aptitude's
aptitudes
aptly
aptness
aptness's
aqua
aqua's
aquaculture
aquaculture's
aquae
aquamarine
aquamarine's
aquamarines
aquanaut
aquanaut's
aquanauts
aquaplane
aquaplane's
aquaplaned
aquaplanes
aquaplaning
aquaria
aquarium
aquarium's
aquariums
aquas
aquatic
aquatic's
aquatics
aquavit
aquavit's
aqueduct
aqueduct's
aqueducts
aqueous
aquiculture
aquiculture's
aquifer
aquifer's
aquifers
aquiline
arabesque
arabesque's
arabesques
arable
arachnid
arachnid's
arachnids
arbiter
arbiter's
arbiters
arbitrarily
arbitrariness
arbitrariness's
arbitrary
arbitrate
arbitrated
arbitrates
arbitrating
arbitration
arbitration's
arbitrator
arbitrator's
arbitrators
arbor
arbor's
arboreal
arboreta
arboretum
arboretum's
arboretums
arbors
arborvitae
arborvitae's
arborvitaes
arbutus
arbutus's
arbutuses
arc
arc's
arcade
arcade's
arcades
arcane
arced
arch
arch's
archaeological
archaeologist
archaeologist's
archaeologists
archaeology
archaeology's
archaic
archaically
archaism
archaism's
archaisms
archangel
archangel's
archangels
archbishop
archbishop's
archbishopric
archbishopric's
archbishoprics
archbishops
archdeacon
archdeacon's
archdeacons
archdiocese
archdiocese's
archdioceses
archduke
archduke's
archdukes
arched
archenemies
archenemy
archenemy's
archeological
archeologist
archeologist's
archeologists
archeology
archeology's
archer
archer's
archers
archery
archery's
arches
archest
archetypal
archetype
archetype's
archetypes
arching
archipelago
archipelago's
archipelagoes
archipelagos
architect
architect's
architects
architectural
architecturally
architecture
architecture's
architectures
archive
archive's
archived
archives
archiving
archivist
archivist's
archivists
archly
archness
archness's
archway
archway's
archways
arcing
arcked
arcking
arcs
arctic
arctic's
arctics
ardent
ardently
ardor
ardor's
ardors
arduous
arduously
arduousness
arduousness's
are
are's
area
area's
areas
aren't
arena
arena's
arenas
ares
argon
argon's
argosies
argosy
argosy's
argot
argot's
argots
arguable
arguably
argue
argued
argues
arguing
argument
argument's
argumentation
argumentation's
argumentative
arguments
argyle
argyle's
argyles
aria
aria's
arias
arid
aridity
aridity's
aright
arise
arisen
arises
arising
aristocracies
aristocracy
aristocracy's
aristocrat
aristocrat's
aristocratic
aristocratically
aristocrats
arithmetic
arithmetic's
arithmetical
arithmetically
ark
ark's
arks
arm
arm's
armada
armada's
armadas
armadillo
armadillo's
armadillos
armament
armament's
armaments
armature
armature's
armatures
armband
armband's
armbands
armchair
armchair's
armchairs
armed
armful
armful's
armfuls
armhole
armhole's
armholes
armies
arming
armistice
armistice's
armistices
armlet
armlet's
armlets
armor
armor's
armored
armorer
armorer's
armorers
armories
armoring
armors
armory
armory's
armpit
armpit's
armpits
armrest
armrest's
armrests
arms
armsful
army
army's
aroma
aroma's
aromas
aromatherapy
aromatherapy's
aromatic
aromatic's
aromatics
arose
around
arousal
arousal's
arouse
aroused
arouses
arousing
arpeggio
arpeggio's
arpeggios
arraign
arraigned
arraigning
arraignment
arraignment's
arraignments
arraigns
arrange
arranged
arrangement
arrangement's
arrangements
arranger
arranger's
arrangers
arranges
arranging
arrant
array
array's
arrayed
arraying
arrays
arrears
arrears's
arrest
arrest's
arrested
arresting
arrests
arrival
arrival's
arrivals
arrive
arrived
arrives
arriving
arrogance
arrogance's
arrogant
arrogantly
arrogate
arrogated
arrogates
arrogating
arrow
arrow's
arrowhead
arrowhead's
arrowheads
arrowroot
arrowroot's
arrows
arroyo
arroyo's
arroyos
arsenal
arsenal's
arsenals
arsenic
arsenic's
arson
arson's
arsonist
arsonist's
arsonists
art
art's
artefact
artefact's
artefacts
arterial
arteries
arteriosclerosis
arteriosclerosis's
artery
artery's
artful
artfully
artfulness
artfulness's
arthritic
arthritic's
arthritics
arthritis
arthritis's
arthropod
arthropod's
arthropods
artichoke
artichoke's
artichokes
article
article's
articles
articulate
articulated
articulately
articulateness
articulateness's
articulates
articulating
articulation
articulation's
articulations
artier
artiest
artifact
artifact's
artifacts
artifice
artifice's
artificer
artificer's
artificers
artifices
artificial
artificiality
artificiality's
artificially
artillery
artillery's
artisan
artisan's
artisans
artist
artist's
artiste
artiste's
artistes
artistic
artistically
artistry
artistry's
artists
artless
artlessly
artlessness
artlessness's
arts
artsier
artsiest
artsy
artwork
artwork's
artworks
arty
as
asbestos
asbestos's
ascend
ascendancy
ascendancy's
ascendant
ascendant's
ascendants
ascended
ascendency
ascendency's
ascendent
ascendent's
ascendents
ascending
ascends
ascension
ascension's
ascensions
ascent
ascent's
ascents
ascertain
ascertainable
ascertained
ascertaining
ascertains
ascetic
ascetic's
asceticism
asceticism's
ascetics
ascot
ascot's
ascots
ascribable
ascribe
ascribed
ascribes
ascribing
ascription
ascription's
aseptic
asexual
asexually
ash
ash's
ashamed
ashamedly
ashcan
ashcan's
ashcans
ashed
ashen
ashes
ashier
ashiest
ashing
ashore
ashram
ashram's
ashrams
ashtray
ashtray's
ashtrays
ashy
aside
aside's
asides
asinine
ask
askance
asked
askew
asking
asks
aslant
asleep
asocial
asp
asp's
asparagus
asparagus's
aspartame
aspartame's
aspect
aspect's
aspects
aspen
aspen's
aspens
asperities
asperity
asperity's
aspersion
aspersion's
aspersions
asphalt
asphalt's
asphalted
asphalting
asphalts
asphyxia
asphyxia's
asphyxiate
asphyxiated
asphyxiates
asphyxiating
asphyxiation
asphyxiation's
asphyxiations
aspic
aspic's
aspics
aspirant
aspirant's
aspirants
aspirate
aspirate's
aspirated
aspirates
aspirating
aspiration
aspiration's
aspirations
aspire
aspired
aspires
aspirin
aspirin's
aspiring
aspirins
asps
ass
ass's
assail
assailable
assailant
assailant's
assailants
assailed
assailing
assails
assassin
assassin's
assassinate
assassinated
assassinates
assassinating
assassination
assassination's
assassinations
assassins
assault
assault's
assaulted
assaulter
assaulting
assaults
assay
assay's
assayed
assaying
assays
assemblage
assemblage's
assemblages
assemble
assembled
assembler
assembler's
assemblers
assembles
assemblies
assembling
assembly
assembly's
assemblyman
assemblyman's
assemblymen
assemblywoman
assemblywoman's
assemblywomen
assent
assent's
assented
assenting
assents
assert
asserted
asserting
assertion
assertion's
assertions
assertive
assertively
assertiveness
assertiveness's
asserts
asses
assess
assessed
assesses
assessing
assessment
assessment's
assessments
assessor
assessor's
assessors
asset
asset's
assets
asseverate
asseverated
asseverates
asseverating
asshole
asshole's
assholes
assiduous
assiduously
assiduousness
assiduousness's
assign
assign's
assignable
assignation
assignation's
assignations
assigned
assigning
assignment
assignment's
assignments
assigns
assimilate
assimilated
assimilates
assimilating
assimilation
assimilation's
assist
assist's
assistance
assistance's
assistant
assistant's
assistants
assisted
assisting
assists
assize
assize's
assizes
associate
associate's
associated
associates
associating
association
association's
associations
associative
assonance
assonance's
assort
assorted
assorting
assortment
assortment's
assortments
assorts
assuage
assuaged
assuages
assuaging
assume
assumed
assumes
assuming
assumption
assumption's
assumptions
assurance
assurance's
assurances
assure
assured
assured's
assuredly
assureds
assures
assuring
aster
aster's
asterisk
asterisk's
asterisked
asterisking
asterisks
astern
asteroid
asteroid's
asteroids
asters
asthma
asthma's
asthmatic
asthmatic's
asthmatics
astigmatic
astigmatism
astigmatism's
astigmatisms
astir
astonish
astonished
astonishes
astonishing
astonishingly
astonishment
astonishment's
astound
astounded
astounding
astoundingly
astounds
astrakhan
astrakhan's
astral
astray
astride
astringency
astringency's
astringent
astringent's
astringents
astrologer
astrologer's
astrologers
astrological
astrology
astrology's
astronaut
astronaut's
astronautics
astronautics's
astronauts
astronomer
astronomer's
astronomers
astronomic
astronomical
astronomically
astronomy
astronomy's
astrophysicist
astrophysicist's
astrophysicists
astrophysics
astrophysics's
astute
astutely
astuteness
astuteness's
astuter
astutest
asunder
asylum
asylum's
asylums
asymmetric
asymmetrical
asymmetrically
asymmetry
asymmetry's
asymptotic
asymptotically
asynchronous
asynchronously
at
atavism
atavism's
atavistic
ate
atelier
atelier's
ateliers
atheism
atheism's
atheist
atheist's
atheistic
atheists
atherosclerosis
atherosclerosis's
athlete
athlete's
athletes
athletic
athletically
athletics
athletics's
atlas
atlas's
atlases
atmosphere
atmosphere's
atmospheres
atmospheric
atmospherically
atoll
atoll's
atolls
atom
atom's
atomic
atomizer
atomizer's
atomizers
atoms
atonal
atonality
atonality's
atone
atoned
atonement
atonement's
atones
atoning
atop
atria
atrium
atrium's
atriums
atrocious
atrociously
atrociousness
atrociousness's
atrocities
atrocity
atrocity's
atrophied
atrophies
atrophy
atrophy's
atrophying
attach
attached
attaching
attachment
attachment's
attachments
attaché
attaché's
attachés
attack
attack's
attacked
attacker
attacker's
attackers
attacking
attacks
attain
attainable
attained
attaining
attainment
attainment's
attainments
attains
attar
attar's
attempt
attempt's
attempted
attempting
attempts
attend
attendance
attendance's
attendances
attendant
attendant's
attendants
attended
attender
attending
attends
attention
attention's
attentions
attentive
attentively
attentiveness
attentiveness's
attenuate
attenuated
attenuates
attenuating
attenuation
attenuation's
attest
attestation
attestation's
attestations
attested
attesting
attests
attic
attic's
attics
attire
attire's
attired
attires
attiring
attitude
attitude's
attitudes
attitudinize
attitudinized
attitudinizes
attitudinizing
attorney
attorney's
attorneys
attract
attracted
attracting
attraction
attraction's
attractions
attractive
attractively
attractiveness
attractiveness's
attracts
attributable
attribute
attribute's
attributed
attributes
attributing
attribution
attribution's
attributions
attributive
attributive's
attributively
attributives
attrition
attrition's
attune
attuned
attunes
attuning
atwitter
atypical
atypically
auburn
auburn's
auction
auction's
auctioned
auctioneer
auctioneer's
auctioneers
auctioning
auctions
audacious
audaciously
audaciousness
audaciousness's
audacity
audacity's
audibility
audibility's
audible
audible's
audibles
audibly
audience
audience's
audiences
audio
audio's
audiophile
audiophile's
audiophiles
audios
audiovisual
audit
audit's
audited
auditing
audition
audition's
auditioned
auditioning
auditions
auditor
auditor's
auditoria
auditorium
auditorium's
auditoriums
auditors
auditory
audits
auger
auger's
augers
aught
aught's
aughts
augment
augmentation
augmentation's
augmentations
augmented
augmenting
augments
augur
augur's
augured
auguries
auguring
augurs
augury
augury's
august
auguster
augustest
auk
auk's
auks
aunt
aunt's
aunts
aura
aura's
aurae
aural
aurally
auras
aureola
aureola's
aureolas
aureole
aureole's
aureoles
auricle
auricle's
auricles
auspice
auspice's
auspices
auspicious
auspiciously
auspiciousness
auspiciousness's
austere
austerely
austerer
austerest
austerities
austerity
austerity's
authentic
authentically
authenticate
authenticated
authenticates
authenticating
authentication
authentication's
authentications
authenticity
authenticity's
author
author's
authored
authoring
authoritarian
authoritarian's
authoritarianism
authoritarianism's
authoritarians
authoritative
authoritatively
authoritativeness
authoritativeness's
authorities
authority
authority's
authorization
authorization's
authorizations
authorize
authorized
authorizes
authorizing
authors
authorship
authorship's
autism
autism's
autistic
auto
auto's
autobiographical
autobiographies
autobiography
autobiography's
autocracies
autocracy
autocracy's
autocrat
autocrat's
autocratic
autocratically
autocrats
autograph
autograph's
autographed
autographing
autographs
autoimmune
automata
automate
automated
automates
automatic
automatic's
automatically
automatics
automating
automation
automation's
automaton
automaton's
automatons
automobile
automobile's
automobiled
automobiles
automobiling
automotive
autonomous
autonomously
autonomy
autonomy's
autopilot
autopilot's
autopilots
autopsied
autopsies
autopsy
autopsy's
autopsying
autos
autoworker
autoworker's
autoworkers
autumn
autumn's
autumnal
autumns
auxiliaries
auxiliary
auxiliary's
avail
avail's
availability
availability's
available
availed
availing
avails
avalanche
avalanche's
avalanches
avarice
avarice's
avaricious
avariciously
avast
avatar
avatar's
avatars
avenge
avenged
avenger
avenger's
avengers
avenges
avenging
avenue
avenue's
avenues
aver
average
average's
averaged
averages
averaging
averred
averring
avers
averse
aversion
aversion's
aversions
avert
averted
averting
averts
avian
aviaries
aviary
aviary's
aviation
aviation's
aviator
aviator's
aviators
aviatrices
aviatrix
aviatrix's
aviatrixes
avid
avidity
avidity's
avidly
avionics
avionics's
avocado
avocado's
avocadoes
avocados
avocation
avocation's
avocations
avoid
avoidable
avoidably
avoidance
avoidance's
avoided
avoiding
avoids
avoirdupois
avoirdupois's
avow
avowal
avowal's
avowals
avowed
avowedly
avowing
avows
avuncular
await
awaited
awaiting
awaits
awake
awaked
awaken
awakened
awakening
awakening's
awakenings
awakens
awakes
awaking
award
award's
awarded
awarding
awards
aware
awareness
awareness's
awash
away
awe
awe's
awed
aweigh
awes
awesome
awesomely
awestricken
awestruck
awful
awfuller
awfullest
awfully
awfulness
awfulness's
awhile
awing
awkward
awkwarder
awkwardest
awkwardly
awkwardness
awkwardness's
awl
awl's
awls
awning
awning's
awnings
awoke
awoken
awol
awry
ax
ax's
axe
axe's
axed
axes
axial
axing
axiom
axiom's
axiomatic
axiomatically
axioms
axis
axis's
axle
axle's
axles
axon
axon's
axons
ay
ay's
ayatollah
ayatollah's
ayatollahs
aye
aye's
ayes
azalea
azalea's
azaleas
azimuth
azimuth's
azimuths
azure
azure's
azures
b
baa
baa's
baaed
baaing
baas
babble
babble's
babbled
babbler
babbler's
babblers
babbles
babbling
babe
babe's
babel
babel's
babels
babes
babied
babier
babies
babiest
baboon
baboon's
baboons
babushka
babushka's
babushkas
baby
baby's
babyhood
babyhood's
babying
babyish
babysat
babysit
babysits
babysitter
babysitter's
babysitters
babysitting
baccalaureate
baccalaureate's
baccalaureates
bacchanal
bacchanal's
bacchanalian
bacchanalian's
bacchanalians
bacchanals
bachelor
bachelor's
bachelors
bacilli
bacillus
bacillus's
back
back's
backache
backache's
backaches
backbit
backbite
backbiter
backbiter's
backbiters
backbites
backbiting
backbitten
backboard
backboard's
backboards
backbone
backbone's
backbones
backbreaking
backdate
backdated
backdates
backdating
backdrop
backdrop's
backdrops
backed
backer
backer's
backers
backfield
backfield's
backfields
backfire
backfire's
backfired
backfires
backfiring
backgammon
backgammon's
background
background's
backgrounds
backhand
backhand's
backhanded
backhanding
backhands
backhoe
backhoe's
backhoes
backing
backing's
backings
backlash
backlash's
backlashes
backless
backlog
backlog's
backlogged
backlogging
backlogs
backpack
backpack's
backpacked
backpacker
backpacker's
backpackers
backpacking
backpacks
backpedal
backpedaled
backpedaling
backpedalled
backpedalling
backpedals
backrest
backrest's
backrests
backs
backside
backside's
backsides
backslapper
backslapper's
backslappers
backslash
backslid
backslidden
backslide
backslider
backslider's
backsliders
backslides
backsliding
backspace
backspace's
backspaced
backspaces
backspacing
backspin
backspin's
backstabbing
backstage
backstage's
backstairs
backstop
backstop's
backstopped
backstopping
backstops
backstretch
backstretch's
backstretches
backstroke
backstroke's
backstroked
backstrokes
backstroking
backtrack
backtracked
backtracking
backtracks
backup
backup's
backups
backward
backwardness
backwardness's
backwards
backwash
backwash's
backwater
backwater's
backwaters
backwoods
backwoods's
backyard
backyard's
backyards
bacon
bacon's
bacteria
bacteria's
bacterial
bacterias
bacteriological
bacteriologist
bacteriologist's
bacteriologists
bacteriology
bacteriology's
bacterium
bacterium's
bad
bad's
badder
baddest
bade
badge
badge's
badger
badger's
badgered
badgering
badgers
badges
badinage
badinage's
badlands
badlands's
badly
badminton
badminton's
badmouth
badmouthed
badmouthing
badmouths
badness
badness's
baffle
baffle's
baffled
bafflement
bafflement's
baffles
baffling
bag
bag's
bagatelle
bagatelle's
bagatelles
bagel
bagel's
bagels
baggage
baggage's
bagged
baggier
baggiest
bagginess
bagginess's
bagging
baggy
bagpipe
bagpipe's
bagpipes
bags
bah
bail
bail's
bailed
bailiff
bailiffs
bailing
bailiwick
bailiwick's
bailiwicks
bailout
bailout's
bailouts
bails
bait
bait's
baited
baiting
baits
baize
baize's
bake
bake's
baked
baker
baker's
bakeries
bakers
bakery
bakery's
bakes
baking
balalaika
balalaika's
balalaikas
balance
balance's
balanced
balances
balancing
balconies
balcony
balcony's
bald
balded
balder
balderdash
balderdash's
baldest
balding
baldly
baldness
baldness's
balds
bale
bale's
baled
baleen
baleen's
baleful
balefully
bales
baling
balk
balk's
balked
balkier
balkiest
balking
balks
balky
ball
ball's
ballad
ballad's
balladeer
balladeer's
balladeers
ballads
ballast
ballast's
ballasted
ballasting
ballasts
balled
ballerina
ballerina's
ballerinas
ballet
ballet's
ballets
balling
ballistic
ballistics
ballistics's
balloon
balloon's
ballooned
ballooning
balloonist
balloonist's
balloonists
balloons
ballot
ballot's
balloted
balloting
ballots
ballpark
ballpark's
ballparks
ballplayer
ballplayer's
ballplayers
ballpoint
ballpoint's
ballpoints
ballroom
ballroom's
ballrooms
balls
ballsier
ballsiest
ballsy
ballyhoo
ballyhoo's
ballyhooed
ballyhooing
ballyhoos
balm
balm's
balmier
balmiest
balminess
balminess's
balms
balmy
baloney
baloney's
balsa
balsa's
balsam
balsam's
balsams
balsas
baluster
baluster's
balusters
balustrade
balustrade's
balustrades
bamboo
bamboo's
bamboos
bamboozle
bamboozled
bamboozles
bamboozling
ban
ban's
banal
banalities
banality
banality's
banana
banana's
bananas
band
band's
bandage
bandage's
bandaged
bandages
bandaging
bandana
bandana's
bandanas
bandanna
bandanna's
bandannas
banded
bandied
bandier
bandies
bandiest
banding
bandit
bandit's
banditry
banditry's
bandits
banditti
bandoleer
bandoleer's
bandoleers
bandolier
bandolier's
bandoliers
bands
bandstand
bandstand's
bandstands
bandwagon
bandwagon's
bandwagons
bandwidth
bandy
bandying
bane
bane's
baneful
banes
bang
bang's
banged
banging
bangle
bangle's
bangles
bangs
bani
banish
banished
banishes
banishing
banishment
banishment's
banister
banister's
banisters
banjo
banjo's
banjoes
banjoist
banjoist's
banjoists
banjos
bank
bank's
bankbook
bankbook's
bankbooks
banked
banker
banker's
bankers
banking
banking's
banknote
banknote's
banknotes
bankroll
bankroll's
bankrolled
bankrolling
bankrolls
bankrupt
bankrupt's
bankruptcies
bankruptcy
bankruptcy's
bankrupted
bankrupting
bankrupts
banks
banned
banner
banner's
banners
banning
bannister
bannister's
bannisters
banns
banns's
banquet
banquet's
banqueted
banqueting
banquets
bans
banshee
banshee's
banshees
bantam
bantam's
bantams
bantamweight
bantamweight's
bantamweights
banter
banter's
bantered
bantering
banters
banyan
banyan's
banyans
baobab
baobab's
baobabs
baptism
baptism's
baptismal
baptisms
baptist
baptisteries
baptistery
baptistery's
baptistries
baptistry
baptistry's
baptists
baptize
baptized
baptizes
baptizing
bar
bar's
barb
barb's
barbarian
barbarian's
barbarians
barbaric
barbarism
barbarism's
barbarisms
barbarities
barbarity
barbarity's
barbarous
barbarously
barbecue
barbecue's
barbecued
barbecues
barbecuing
barbed
barbell
barbell's
barbells
barbeque
barbeque's
barbequed
barbeques
barbequing
barber
barber's
barbered
barbering
barberries
barberry
barberry's
barbers
barbershop
barbershop's
barbershops
barbing
barbiturate
barbiturate's
barbiturates
barbs
bard
bard's
bards
bare
bareback
bared
barefaced
barefoot
barefooted
barehanded
bareheaded
barely
bareness
bareness's
barer
bares
barest
barf
barf's
barfed
barfing
barfs
bargain
bargain's
bargained
bargainer
bargaining
bargains
barge
barge's
barged
barges
barging
baring
baritone
baritone's
baritones
barium
barium's
bark
bark's
barked
barker
barker's
barkers
barking
barks
barley
barley's
barmaid
barmaid's
barmaids
barman
barn
barn's
barnacle
barnacle's
barnacles
barns
barnstorm
barnstormed
barnstorming
barnstorms
barnyard
barnyard's
barnyards
barometer
barometer's
barometers
barometric
baron
baron's
baroness
baroness's
baronesses
baronet
baronet's
baronets
baronial
barons
baroque
baroque's
barrack
barrack's
barracks
barracuda
barracuda's
barracudas
barrage
barrage's
barraged
barrages
barraging
barred
barrel
barrel's
barreled
barreling
barrelled
barrelling
barrels
barren
barren's
barrener
barrenest
barrenness
barrenness's
barrens
barrette
barrette's
barrettes
barricade
barricade's
barricaded
barricades
barricading
barrier
barrier's
barriers
barring
barrings
barrio
barrio's
barrios
barrister
barrister's
barristers
barroom
barroom's
barrooms
barrow
barrow's
barrows
bars
bartender
bartender's
bartenders
barter
barter's
bartered
bartering
barters
basal
basalt
basalt's
base
base's
baseball
baseball's
baseballs
baseboard
baseboard's
baseboards
based
baseless
baseline
baseline's
baselines
basely
baseman
baseman's
basemen
basement
basement's
basements
baseness
baseness's
baser
bases
basest
bash
bash's
bashed
bashes
bashful
bashfully
bashfulness
bashfulness's
bashing
bashing's
basic
basic's
basically
basics
basil
basil's
basilica
basilica's
basilicas
basin
basin's
basing
basins
basis
basis's
bask
basked
basket
basket's
basketball
basketball's
basketballs
baskets
basking
basks
bass
bass's
basses
bassi
bassinet
bassinet's
bassinets
bassist
bassist's
bassists
basso
basso's
bassoon
bassoon's
bassoonist
bassoonist's
bassoonists
bassoons
bassos
bast
bast's
bastard
bastard's
bastardize
bastardized
bastardizes
bastardizing
bastards
baste
basted
bastes
basting
bastion
bastion's
bastions
bat
bat's
batch
batch's
batched
batches
batching
bate
bated
bates
bath
bath's
bathe
bathe's
bathed
bather
bather's
bathers
bathes
bathhouse
bathhouse's
bathhouses
bathing
bathmat
bathmat's
bathmats
bathos
bathos's
bathrobe
bathrobe's
bathrobes
bathroom
bathroom's
bathrooms
baths
bathtub
bathtub's
bathtubs
batik
batik's
batiks
bating
baton
baton's
batons
bats
batsman
batsman's
batsmen
battalion
battalion's
battalions
batted
batten
batten's
battened
battening
battens
batter
batter's
battered
batteries
battering
batters
battery
battery's
battier
battiest
batting
batting's
battle
battle's
battled
battlefield
battlefield's
battlefields
battleground
battleground's
battlegrounds
battlement
battlement's
battlements
battles
battleship
battleship's
battleships
battling
batty
bauble
bauble's
baubles
baud
baud's
bauds
bauxite
bauxite's
bawdier
bawdiest
bawdily
bawdiness
bawdiness's
bawdy
bawl
bawl's
bawled
bawling
bawls
bay
bay's
bayberries
bayberry
bayberry's
bayed
baying
bayonet
bayonet's
bayoneted
bayoneting
bayonets
bayonetted
bayonetting
bayou
bayou's
bayous
bays
bazaar
bazaar's
bazaars
bazillion
bazillions
bazooka
bazooka's
bazookas
be
beach
beach's
beachcomber
beachcomber's
beachcombers
beached
beaches
beachhead
beachhead's
beachheads
beaching
beacon
beacon's
beacons
bead
bead's
beaded
beadier
beadiest
beading
beads
beady
beagle
beagle's
beagles
beak
beak's
beaked
beaker
beaker's
beakers
beaks
beam
beam's
beamed
beaming
beams
bean
bean's
beanbag
beanbag's
beanbags
beaned
beaning
beans
bear
bear's
bearable
beard
beard's
bearded
bearding
beards
bearer
bearer's
bearers
bearing
bearing's
bearings
bearish
bears
bearskin
bearskin's
bearskins
beast
beast's
beastlier
beastliest
beastliness
beastliness's
beastly
beastly's
beasts
beat
beat's
beaten
beater
beater's
beaters
beatific
beatification
beatification's
beatifications
beatified
beatifies
beatify
beatifying
beating
beating's
beatings
beatitude
beatitude's
beatitudes
beatnik
beatnik's
beatniks
beats
beau
beau's
beaus
beauteous
beauteously
beautician
beautician's
beauticians
beauties
beautification
beautification's
beautified
beautifier
beautifier's
beautifiers
beautifies
beautiful
beautifully
beautify
beautifying
beauty
beauty's
beaux
beaver
beaver's
beavered
beavering
beavers
bebop
bebop's
bebops
becalm
becalmed
becalming
becalms
became
because
beck
beck's
beckon
beckoned
beckoning
beckons
becks
become
becomes
becoming
becomingly
bed
bed's
bedazzle
bedazzled
bedazzles
bedazzling
bedbug
bedbug's
bedbugs
bedclothes
bedclothes's
bedded
bedder
bedding
bedding's
bedeck
bedecked
bedecking
bedecks
bedevil
bedeviled
bedeviling
bedevilled
bedevilling
bedevilment
bedevilment's
bedevils
bedfellow
bedfellow's
bedfellows
bedlam
bedlam's
bedlams
bedpan
bedpan's
bedpans
bedraggle
bedraggled
bedraggles
bedraggling
bedridden
bedrock
bedrock's
bedrocks
bedroll
bedroll's
bedrolls
bedroom
bedroom's
bedrooms
beds
bedside
bedside's
bedsides
bedsore
bedsore's
bedsores
bedspread
bedspread's
bedspreads
bedstead
bedstead's
bedsteads
bedtime
bedtime's
bedtimes
bee
bee's
beech
beech's
beeches
beechnut
beechnut's
beechnuts
beef
beef's
beefburger
beefed
beefier
beefiest
beefing
beefs
beefsteak
beefsteak's
beefsteaks
beefy
beehive
beehive's
beehives
beekeeper
beekeeper's
beekeepers
beekeeping
beekeeping's
beeline
beeline's
beelines
been
beep
beep's
beeped
beeper
beeper's
beepers
beeping
beeps
beer
beer's
beers
bees
beeswax
beeswax's
beet
beet's
beetle
beetle's
beetled
beetles
beetling
beets
beeves
befall
befallen
befalling
befalls
befell
befit
befits
befitted
befitting
befog
befogged
befogging
befogs
before
beforehand
befoul
befouled
befouling
befouls
befriend
befriended
befriending
befriends
befuddle
befuddled
befuddles
befuddling
beg
began
begat
beget
begets
begetting
beggar
beggar's
beggared
beggaring
beggarly
beggars
begged
begging
begin
beginner
beginner's
beginners
beginning
beginning's
beginnings
begins
begone
begonia
begonia's
begonias
begot
begotten
begrudge
begrudged
begrudges
begrudging
begrudgingly
begs
beguile
beguiled
beguiles
beguiling
beguilingly
begun
behalf
behalf's
behalves
behave
behaved
behaves
behaving
behavior
behavior's
behavioral
behead
beheaded
beheading
beheads
beheld
behemoth
behemoth's
behemoths
behest
behest's
behests
behind
behind's
behinds
behold
beholden
beholder
beholder's
beholders
beholding
beholds
behoove
behooved
behooves
behooving
beige
beige's
being
being's
beings
belabor
belabored
belaboring
belabors
belated
belatedly
belay
belayed
belaying
belays
belch
belch's
belched
belches
belching
beleaguer
beleaguered
beleaguering
beleaguers
belfries
belfry
belfry's
belie
belied
belief
belief's
beliefs
belies
believable
believe
believed
believer
believer's
believers
believes
believing
belittle
belittled
belittles
belittling
bell
bell's
belladonna
belladonna's
bellboy
bellboy's
bellboys
belle
belle's
belled
belles
bellhop
bellhop's
bellhops
bellicose
bellicosity
bellicosity's
bellied
bellies
belligerence
belligerence's
belligerency
belligerency's
belligerent
belligerent's
belligerently
belligerents
belling
bellow
bellow's
bellowed
bellowing
bellows
bells
bellwether
bellwether's
bellwethers
belly
belly's
bellyache
bellyache's
bellyached
bellyaches
bellyaching
bellybutton
bellybutton's
bellybuttons
bellyful
bellyful's
bellyfuls
bellying
belong
belonged
belonging
belonging's
belongings
belongs
beloved
beloved's
beloveds
below
belt
belt's
belted
belting
belts
beltway
beltway's
beltways
belying
bemoan
bemoaned
bemoaning
bemoans
bemuse
bemused
bemuses
bemusing
bench
bench's
benched
benches
benching
benchmark
benchmark's
benchmarks
bend
bend's
bender
bending
bends
beneath
benediction
benediction's
benedictions
benefaction
benefaction's
benefactions
benefactor
benefactor's
benefactors
benefactress
benefactress's
benefactresses
benefice
benefice's
beneficence
beneficence's
beneficent
beneficently
benefices
beneficial
beneficially
beneficiaries
beneficiary
beneficiary's
benefit
benefit's
benefited
benefiting
benefits
benefitted
benefitting
benevolence
benevolence's
benevolences
benevolent
benevolently
benighted
benign
benignly
bent
bent's
bents
benumb
benumbed
benumbing
benumbs
benzene
benzene's
bequeath
bequeathed
bequeathing
bequeaths
bequest
bequest's
bequests
berate
berated
berates
berating
bereave
bereaved
bereavement
bereavement's
bereavements
bereaves
bereaving
bereft
beret
beret's
berets
berg
berg's
bergs
beriberi
beriberi's
berm
berm's
berms
berried
berries
berry
berry's
berrying
berserk
berth
berth's
berthed
berthing
berths
beryl
beryl's
beryllium
beryllium's
beryls
beseech
beseeched
beseeches
beseeching
beset
besets
besetting
beside
besides
besiege
besieged
besieger
besieger's
besiegers
besieges
besieging
besmirch
besmirched
besmirches
besmirching
besom
besom's
besoms
besot
besots
besotted
besotting
besought
bespeak
bespeaking
bespeaks
bespoke
bespoken
best
best's
bested
bestial
bestiality
bestiality's
bestiaries
bestiary
bestiary's
besting
bestir
bestirred
bestirring
bestirs
bestow
bestowal
bestowal's
bestowals
bestowed
bestowing
bestows
bestrid
bestridden
bestride
bestrides
bestriding
bestrode
bests
bestseller
bestseller's
bestsellers
bet
bet's
beta
beta's
betake
betaken
betakes
betaking
betas
betcha
bethink
bethinking
bethinks
bethought
betide
betided
betides
betiding
betoken
betokened
betokening
betokens
betook
betray
betrayal
betrayal's
betrayals
betrayed
betrayer
betrayer's
betrayers
betraying
betrays
betroth
betrothal
betrothal's
betrothals
betrothed
betrothed's
betrothing
betroths
bets
betted
better
better's
bettered
bettering
betterment
betterment's
betters
betting
bettor
bettor's
bettors
between
betwixt
bevel
bevel's
beveled
beveling
bevelled
bevelling
bevels
beverage
beverage's
beverages
bevies
bevy
bevy's
bewail
bewailed
bewailing
bewails
beware
bewared
bewares
bewaring
bewilder
bewildered
bewildering
bewilderment
bewilderment's
bewilders
bewitch
bewitched
bewitches
bewitching
beyond
biannual
biannually
bias
bias's
biased
biases
biasing
biassed
biassing
biathlon
biathlon's
biathlons
bib
bib's
bible
bible's
bibles
biblical
bibliographer
bibliographer's
bibliographers
bibliographic
bibliographical
bibliographies
bibliography
bibliography's
bibliophile
bibliophile's
bibliophiles
bibs
bibulous
bicameral
bicentennial
bicentennial's
bicentennials
bicep
bicep's
biceps
biceps's
bicepses
bicker
bicker's
bickered
bickering
bickers
bicuspid
bicuspid's
bicuspids
bicycle
bicycle's
bicycled
bicycles
bicycling
bicyclist
bicyclist's
bicyclists
bid
bid's
bidden
bidder
bidder's
bidders
biddies
bidding
bidding's
biddy
biddy's
bide
bided
bides
bidet
bidet's
bidets
biding
bidirectional
bids
biennial
biennial's
biennially
biennials
bier
bier's
biers
bifocal
bifocals
bifocals's
bifurcate
bifurcated
bifurcates
bifurcating
bifurcation
bifurcation's
bifurcations
big
bigamist
bigamist's
bigamists
bigamous
bigamy
bigamy's
bigger
biggest
biggie
biggie's
biggies
bighearted
bighorn
bighorn's
bighorns
bight
bight's
bights
bigmouth
bigmouth's
bigmouths
bigness
bigness's
bigot
bigot's
bigoted
bigotries
bigotry
bigotry's
bigots
bigwig
bigwig's
bigwigs
bike
bike's
biked
biker
biker's
bikers
bikes
biking
bikini
bikini's
bikinis
bilateral
bilaterally
bile
bile's
bilge
bilge's
bilges
bilingual
bilingual's
bilinguals
bilious
bilk
bilked
bilking
bilks
bill
bill's
billboard
billboard's
billboards
billed
billet
billet's
billeted
billeting
billets
billfold
billfold's
billfolds
billiards
billiards's
billies
billing
billing's
billings
billion
billion's
billionaire
billionaire's
billionaires
billions
billionth
billionth's
billionths
billow
billow's
billowed
billowier
billowiest
billowing
billows
billowy
bills
billy
billy's
bimbo
bimbo's
bimboes
bimbos
bimonthlies
bimonthly
bimonthly's
bin
bin's
binaries
binary
binary's
bind
bind's
binder
binder's
binderies
binders
bindery
bindery's
binding
binding's
bindings
binds
binge
binge's
binged
bingeing
binges
binging
bingo
bingo's
binnacle
binnacle's
binnacles
binned
binning
binocular
binocular's
binoculars
binomial
binomial's
binomials
bins
biochemical
biochemical's
biochemicals
biochemist
biochemist's
biochemistry
biochemistry's
biochemists
biodegradable
biodiversity
biodiversity's
biofeedback
biofeedback's
biographer
biographer's
biographers
biographical
biographies
biography
biography's
biological
biologically
biologist
biologist's
biologists
biology
biology's
bionic
biophysicist
biophysicist's
biophysicists
biophysics
biophysics's
biopsied
biopsies
biopsy
biopsy's
biopsying
biorhythm
biorhythm's
biorhythms
biosphere
biosphere's
biospheres
biotechnology
biotechnology's
bipartisan
bipartite
biped
biped's
bipedal
bipeds
biplane
biplane's
biplanes
bipolar
biracial
birch
birch's
birched
birches
birching
bird
bird's
birdbath
birdbath's
birdbaths
birdbrained
birdcage
birdcages
birded
birdhouse
birdhouse's
birdhouses
birdie
birdie's
birdied
birdieing
birdies
birding
birds
birdseed
birdseed's
birdwatcher
birdwatcher's
birdwatchers
biretta
biretta's
birettas
birth
birth's
birthday
birthday's
birthdays
birthed
birthing
birthmark
birthmark's
birthmarks
birthplace
birthplace's
birthplaces
birthrate
birthrate's
birthrates
birthright
birthright's
birthrights
births
birthstone
birthstone's
birthstones
biscuit
biscuit's
biscuits
bisect
bisected
bisecting
bisection
bisection's
bisections
bisector
bisector's
bisectors
bisects
bisexual
bisexual's
bisexuality
bisexuality's
bisexuals
bishop
bishop's
bishopric
bishopric's
bishoprics
bishops
bismuth
bismuth's
bison
bison's
bisons
bisque
bisque's
bistro
bistro's
bistros
bit
bit's
bitch
bitch's
bitched
bitches
bitchier
bitchiest
bitching
bitchy
bite
bite's
bites
biting
bitingly
bitmap
bits
bitten
bitter
bitter's
bitterer
bitterest
bitterly
bittern
bittern's
bitterness
bitterness's
bitterns
bitters
bitters's
bittersweet
bittersweet's
bittersweets
bitumen
bitumen's
bituminous
bivalve
bivalve's
bivalves
bivouac
bivouac's
bivouacked
bivouacking
bivouacs
biweeklies
biweekly
biweekly's
bizarre
bizarrely
blab
blab's
blabbed
blabbermouth
blabbermouth's
blabbermouths
blabbing
blabs
black
black's
blackball
blackball's
blackballed
blackballing
blackballs
blackberries
blackberry
blackberry's
blackberrying
blackbird
blackbird's
blackbirds
blackboard
blackboard's
blackboards
blackcurrant
blacked
blacken
blackened
blackening
blackens
blacker
blackest
blackguard
blackguard's
blackguards
blackhead
blackhead's
blackheads
blacking
blackish
blackjack
blackjack's
blackjacked
blackjacking
blackjacks
blacklist
blacklist's
blacklisted
blacklisting
blacklists
blackmail
blackmail's
blackmailed
blackmailer
blackmailer's
blackmailers
blackmailing
blackmails
blackness
blackness's
blackout
blackout's
blackouts
blacks
blacksmith
blacksmith's
blacksmiths
blackthorn
blackthorn's
blackthorns
blacktop
blacktop's
blacktopped
blacktopping
blacktops
bladder
bladder's
bladders
blade
blade's
blades
blah
blah's
blame
blame's
blamed
blameless
blamelessly
blamer
blames
blameworthy
blaming
blanch
blanched
blanches
blanching
blancmange
bland
blander
blandest
blandishment
blandishment's
blandishments
blandly
blandness
blandness's
blank
blank's
blanked
blanker
blankest
blanket
blanket's
blanketed
blanketing
blankets
blanking
blankly
blankness
blankness's
blanks
blare
blare's
blared
blares
blaring
blarney
blarney's
blarneyed
blarneying
blarneys
blaspheme
blasphemed
blasphemer
blasphemer's
blasphemers
blasphemes
blasphemies
blaspheming
blasphemous
blasphemously
blasphemy
blasphemy's
blast
blast's
blasted
blaster
blaster's
blasters
blasting
blastoff
blastoff's
blastoffs
blasts
blasé
blatant
blatantly
blaze
blaze's
blazed
blazer
blazer's
blazers
blazes
blazing
blazon
blazon's
blazoned
blazoning
blazons
bleach
bleach's
bleached
bleacher
bleacher's
bleachers
bleaches
bleaching
bleak
bleaker
bleakest
bleakly
bleakness
bleakness's
blearier
bleariest
blearily
bleary
bleat
bleat's
bleated
bleating
bleats
bled
bleed
bleeder
bleeder's
bleeders
bleeding
bleeding's
bleeds
bleep
bleep's
bleeped
bleeping
bleeps
blemish
blemish's
blemished
blemishes
blemishing
blench
blenched
blenches
blenching
blend
blend's
blended
blender
blender's
blenders
blending
blends
blent
bless
blessed
blessedly
blessedness
blessedness's
blesses
blessing
blessing's
blessings
blest
blew
blight
blight's
blighted
blighting
blights
blimp
blimp's
blimps
blind
blind's
blinded
blinder
blinder's
blinders
blindest
blindfold
blindfold's
blindfolded
blindfolding
blindfolds
blinding
blindingly
blindly
blindness
blindness's
blinds
blindside
blindsided
blindsides
blindsiding
blink
blink's
blinked
blinker
blinker's
blinkered
blinkering
blinkers
blinking
blinks
blintz
blintz's
blintze
blintze's
blintzes
blip
blip's
blips
bliss
bliss's
blissful
blissfully
blissfulness
blissfulness's
blister
blister's
blistered
blistering
blisters
blithe
blithely
blither
blithest
blitz
blitz's
blitzed
blitzes
blitzing
blizzard
blizzard's
blizzards
bloat
bloated
bloating
bloats
blob
blob's
blobbed
blobbing
blobs
bloc
bloc's
block
block's
blockade
blockade's
blockaded
blockades
blockading
blockage
blockage's
blockages
blockbuster
blockbuster's
blockbusters
blocked
blockhead
blockhead's
blockheads
blockhouse
blockhouse's
blockhouses
blocking
blocks
blocs
blog
blog's
blogged
blogger
blogger's
bloggers
blogging
blogs
blond
blond's
blonde
blonde's
blonder
blondes
blondest
blondness
blondness's
blonds
blood
blood's
bloodbath
bloodbath's
bloodbaths
bloodcurdling
blooded
bloodhound
bloodhound's
bloodhounds
bloodied
bloodier
bloodies
bloodiest
blooding
bloodless
bloodlessly
bloodmobile
bloodmobile's
bloodmobiles
bloods
bloodshed
bloodshed's
bloodshot
bloodstain
bloodstain's
bloodstained
bloodstains
bloodstream
bloodstream's
bloodstreams
bloodsucker
bloodsucker's
bloodsuckers
bloodthirstier
bloodthirstiest
bloodthirstiness
bloodthirstiness's
bloodthirsty
bloody
bloodying
bloom
bloom's
bloomed
bloomer
bloomer's
bloomers
blooming
blooms
blooper
blooper's
bloopers
blossom
blossom's
blossomed
blossoming
blossoms
blot
blot's
blotch
blotch's
blotched
blotches
blotchier
blotchiest
blotching
blotchy
blots
blotted
blotter
blotter's
blotters
blotting
blouse
blouse's
bloused
blouses
blousing
blow
blow's
blower
blower's
blowers
blowgun
blowgun's
blowguns
blowing
blown
blowout
blowout's
blowouts
blows
blowsier
blowsiest
blowsy
blowtorch
blowtorch's
blowtorches
blowup
blowup's
blowups
blowzier
blowziest
blowzy
blubber
blubber's
blubbered
blubbering
blubbers
bludgeon
bludgeon's
bludgeoned
bludgeoning
bludgeons
blue
blue's
bluebell
bluebell's
bluebells
blueberries
blueberry
blueberry's
bluebird
bluebird's
bluebirds
bluebottle
bluebottle's
bluebottles
blued
bluefish
bluefish's
bluefishes
bluegrass
bluegrass's
blueing
blueing's
bluejacket
bluejacket's
bluejackets
bluejay
bluejay's
bluejays
bluenose
bluenose's
bluenoses
blueprint
blueprint's
blueprinted
blueprinting
blueprints
bluer
blues
bluest
bluff
bluff's
bluffed
bluffer
bluffer's
bluffers
bluffest
bluffing
bluffs
bluing
bluing's
bluish
blunder
blunder's
blunderbuss
blunderbuss's
blunderbusses
blundered
blunderer
blunderer's
blunderers
blundering
blunders
blunt
blunted
blunter
bluntest
blunting
bluntly
bluntness
bluntness's
blunts
blur
blur's
blurb
blurb's
blurbs
blurred
blurrier
blurriest
blurring
blurry
blurs
blurt
blurted
blurting
blurts
blush
blush's
blushed
blusher
blusher's
blushers
blushes
blushing
bluster
bluster's
blustered
blustering
blusters
blustery
bo's'n
bo's'n's
bo's'ns
bo'sun
bo'sun's
bo'suns
boa
boa's
boar
boar's
board
board's
boarded
boarder
boarder's
boarders
boarding
boardinghouse
boardinghouse's
boardinghouses
boardroom
boardroom's
boardrooms
boards
boardwalk
boardwalk's
boardwalks
boars
boas
boast
boast's
boasted
boaster
boaster's
boasters
boastful
boastfully
boastfulness
boastfulness's
boasting
boasts
boat
boat's
boated
boater
boater's
boaters
boating
boatman
boatman's
boatmen
boats
boatswain
boatswain's
boatswains
bob
bob's
bobbed
bobbies
bobbin
bobbin's
bobbing
bobbins
bobble
bobble's
bobbled
bobbles
bobbling
bobby
bobby's
bobcat
bobcat's
bobcats
bobolink
bobolink's
bobolinks
bobs
bobsled
bobsled's
bobsledded
bobsledding
bobsleds
bobtail
bobtail's
bobtails
bobwhite
bobwhite's
bobwhites
bode
boded
bodega
bodega's
bodegas
bodes
bodice
bodice's
bodices
bodies
bodily
boding
bodkin
bodkin's
bodkins
body
body's
bodybuilding
bodybuilding's
bodyguard
bodyguard's
bodyguards
bodywork
bodywork's
bog
bog's
bogey
bogey's
bogeyed
bogeying
bogeyman
bogeyman's
bogeymen
bogeys
bogged
boggier
boggiest
bogging
boggle
boggled
boggles
boggling
boggy
bogie
bogie's
bogied
bogies
bogs
bogus
bogy
bogy's
bohemian
bohemian's
bohemians
boil
boil's
boiled
boiler
boiler's
boilerplate
boilerplate's
boilers
boiling
boilings
boils
boisterous
boisterously
boisterousness
boisterousness's
bola
bola's
bolas
bold
bolder
boldest
boldface
boldface's
boldly
boldness
boldness's
bole
bole's
bolero
bolero's
boleros
boles
boll
boll's
bolls
bologna
bologna's
boloney
boloney's
bolster
bolster's
bolstered
bolstering
bolsters
bolt
bolt's
bolted
bolting
bolts
bomb
bomb's
bombard
bombarded
bombardier
bombardier's
bombardiers
bombarding
bombardment
bombardment's
bombardments
bombards
bombast
bombast's
bombastic
bombed
bomber
bomber's
bombers
bombing
bombings
bombs
bombshell
bombshell's
bombshells
bonanza
bonanza's
bonanzas
bonbon
bonbon's
bonbons
bond
bond's
bondage
bondage's
bonded
bonding
bonding's
bonds
bondsman
bondsman's
bondsmen
bone
bone's
boned
bonehead
bonehead's
boneheads
boneless
boner
boner's
boners
bones
boney
boneyer
boneyest
bonfire
bonfire's
bonfires
bong
bong's
bonged
bonging
bongo
bongo's
bongoes
bongos
bongs
bonier
boniest
boning
bonito
bonito's
bonitoes
bonitos
bonkers
bonnet
bonnet's
bonnets
bonnie
bonnier
bonniest
bonny
bonsai
bonsai's
bonus
bonus's
bonuses
bony
boo
boo's
boob
boob's
boobed
boobies
boobing
boobs
booby
booby's
boodle
boodle's
boodles
booed
boogie
boogie's
boogied
boogieing
boogies
booing
book
book's
bookcase
bookcase's
bookcases
booked
bookend
bookend's
bookends
bookie
bookie's
bookies
booking
booking's
bookings
bookish
bookkeeper
bookkeeper's
bookkeepers
bookkeeping
bookkeeping's
booklet
booklet's
booklets
bookmaker
bookmaker's
bookmakers
bookmaking
bookmaking's
bookmark
bookmark's
bookmarked
bookmarking
bookmarks
bookmobile
bookmobile's
bookmobiles
books
bookseller
bookseller's
booksellers
bookshelf
bookshelf's
bookshelves
bookshop
bookshop's
bookshops
bookstore
bookstore's
bookstores
bookworm
bookworm's
bookworms
boom
boom's
boomed
boomerang
boomerang's
boomeranged
boomeranging
boomerangs
booming
booms
boon
boon's
boondocks
boondocks's
boondoggle
boondoggle's
boondoggled
boondoggles
boondoggling
boons
boor
boor's
boorish
boorishly
boors
boos
boost
boost's
boosted
booster
booster's
boosters
boosting
boosts
boot
boot's
bootblack
bootblack's
bootblacks
booted
bootee
bootee's
bootees
booth
booth's
booths
bootie
bootie's
booties
booting
bootleg
bootleg's
bootlegged
bootlegger
bootlegger's
bootleggers
bootlegging
bootlegs
bootless
boots
bootstrap
bootstrap's
bootstraps
booty
booty's
booze
booze's
boozed
boozer
boozer's
boozers
boozes
boozier
booziest
boozing
boozy
bop
bop's
bopped
bopping
bops
borax
borax's
bordello
bordello's
bordellos
border
border's
bordered
bordering
borderland
borderland's
borderlands
borderline
borderline's
borderlines
borders
bore
bore's
bored
boredom
boredom's
borer
borer's
borers
bores
boring
boringly
born
borne
boron
boron's
borough
borough's
boroughs
borrow
borrowed
borrower
borrower's
borrowers
borrowing
borrows
borsch
borsch's
borscht
borscht's
bos'n
bos'n's
bos'ns
bosh
bosh's
bosom
bosom's
bosoms
boss
boss's
bossed
bosses
bossier
bossiest
bossily
bossiness
bossiness's
bossing
bossy
bosun
bosun's
bosuns
botanical
botanist
botanist's
botanists
botany
botany's
botch
botch's
botched
botches
botching
both
bother
bother's
bothered
bothering
bothers
bothersome
bottle
bottle's
bottled
bottleneck
bottleneck's
bottlenecks
bottles
bottling
bottom
bottom's
bottomed
bottoming
bottomless
bottoms
botulism
botulism's
boudoir
boudoir's
boudoirs
bouffant
bouffant's
bouffants
bough
bough's
boughs
bought
bouillabaisse
bouillabaisse's
bouillabaisses
bouillon
bouillon's
bouillons
boulder
boulder's
boulders
boulevard
boulevard's
boulevards
bounce
bounce's
bounced
bouncer
bouncer's
bouncers
bounces
bouncier
bounciest
bouncing
bouncy
bound
bound's
boundaries
boundary
boundary's
bounded
bounden
bounder
bounder's
bounders
bounding
boundless
bounds
bounteous
bounties
bountiful
bountifully
bounty
bounty's
bouquet
bouquet's
bouquets
bourbon
bourbon's
bourgeois
bourgeois's
bourgeoisie
bourgeoisie's
bout
bout's
boutique
boutique's
boutiques
boutonnière
boutonnière's
boutonnières
bouts
bovine
bovine's
bovines
bow
bow's
bowdlerize
bowdlerized
bowdlerizes
bowdlerizing
bowed
bowel
bowel's
bowels
bower
bower's
bowers
bowing
bowl
bowl's
bowlder
bowlder's
bowlders
bowled
bowlegged
bowler
bowler's
bowlers
bowling
bowling's
bowls
bowman
bowman's
bowmen
bows
bowsprit
bowsprit's
bowsprits
bowstring
bowstring's
bowstrings
box
box's
boxcar
boxcar's
boxcars
boxed
boxer
boxer's
boxers
boxes
boxing
boxing's
boxwood
boxwood's
boy
boy's
boycott
boycott's
boycotted
boycotting
boycotts
boyfriend
boyfriend's
boyfriends
boyhood
boyhood's
boyhoods
boyish
boyishly
boyishness
boyishness's
boys
boysenberries
boysenberry
boysenberry's
bozo
bozo's
bozos
bra
bra's
brace
brace's
braced
bracelet
bracelet's
bracelets
braces
bracing
bracken
bracken's
bracket
bracket's
bracketed
bracketing
brackets
brackish
bract
bract's
bracts
brad
brad's
brads
brag
brag's
braggart
braggart's
braggarts
bragged
bragger
bragger's
braggers
bragging
brags
braid
braid's
braided
braiding
braids
braille
braille's
brain
brain's
brainchild
brainchild's
brainchildren
brained
brainier
brainiest
braining
brainless
brains
brainstorm
brainstorm's
brainstormed
brainstorming
brainstorming's
brainstorms
brainteaser
brainteaser's
brainteasers
brainwash
brainwashed
brainwashes
brainwashing
brainwashing's
brainy
braise
braised
braises
braising
brake
brake's
braked
brakeman
brakeman's
brakemen
brakes
braking
bramble
bramble's
brambles
bran
bran's
branch
branch's
branched
branches
branching
brand
brand's
branded
brandied
brandies
branding
brandish
brandished
brandishes
brandishing
brands
brandy
brandy's
brandying
bras
brash
brasher
brashest
brashly
brashness
brashness's
brass
brass's
brasses
brassier
brassiere
brassiere's
brassieres
brassiest
brassy
brat
brat's
brats
brattier
brattiest
bratty
bravado
bravado's
brave
brave's
braved
bravely
braver
bravery
bravery's
braves
bravest
braving
bravo
bravo's
bravos
bravura
bravura's
bravuras
brawl
brawl's
brawled
brawler
brawler's
brawlers
brawling
brawls
brawn
brawn's
brawnier
brawniest
brawniness
brawniness's
brawny
bray
bray's
brayed
braying
brays
brazen
brazened
brazening
brazenly
brazenness
brazenness's
brazens
brazier
brazier's
braziers
breach
breach's
breached
breaches
breaching
bread
bread's
breadbasket
breadbasket's
breadbaskets
breaded
breadfruit
breadfruit's
breadfruits
breading
breads
breadth
breadth's
breadths
breadwinner
breadwinner's
breadwinners
break
break's
breakable
breakable's
breakables
breakage
breakage's
breakages
breakdown
breakdown's
breakdowns
breaker
breaker's
breakers
breakfast
breakfast's
breakfasted
breakfasting
breakfasts
breaking
breakneck
breakpoints
breaks
breakthrough
breakthrough's
breakthroughs
breakup
breakup's
breakups
breakwater
breakwater's
breakwaters
breast
breast's
breastbone
breastbone's
breastbones
breasted
breasting
breastplate
breastplate's
breastplates
breasts
breaststroke
breaststroke's
breaststrokes
breastwork
breastwork's
breastworks
breath
breath's
breathable
breathe
breathed
breather
breather's
breathers
breathes
breathier
breathiest
breathing
breathing's
breathless
breathlessly
breathlessness
breathlessness's
breaths
breathtaking
breathtakingly
breathy
bred
breech
breech's
breeches
breed
breed's
breeder
breeder's
breeders
breeding
breeding's
breeds
breeze
breeze's
breezed
breezes
breezier
breeziest
breezily
breeziness
breeziness's
breezing
breezy
brethren
breviaries
breviary
breviary's
brevity
brevity's
brew
brew's
brewed
brewer
brewer's
breweries
brewers
brewery
brewery's
brewing
brews
briar
briar's
briars
bribe
bribe's
bribed
bribery
bribery's
bribes
bribing
brick
brick's
brickbat
brickbat's
brickbats
bricked
bricking
bricklayer
bricklayer's
bricklayers
bricklaying
bricklaying's
bricks
bridal
bridal's
bridals
bride
bride's
bridegroom
bridegroom's
bridegrooms
brides
bridesmaid
bridesmaid's
bridesmaids
bridge
bridge's
bridged
bridgehead
bridgehead's
bridgeheads
bridges
bridgework
bridgework's
bridging
bridle
bridle's
bridled
bridles
bridling
brief
brief's
briefcase
briefcase's
briefcases
briefed
briefer
briefest
briefing
briefing's
briefings
briefly
briefness
briefness's
briefs
brier
brier's
briers
brig
brig's
brigade
brigade's
brigades
brigand
brigand's
brigandage
brigandage's
brigands
brigantine
brigantine's
brigantines
bright
brighten
brightened
brightening
brightens
brighter
brightest
brightly
brightness
brightness's
brigs
brilliance
brilliance's
brilliancy
brilliancy's
brilliant
brilliant's
brilliantly
brilliants
brim
brim's
brimful
brimfull
brimmed
brimming
brims
brimstone
brimstone's
brindled
brine
brine's
bring
bringing
brings
brinier
briniest
brink
brink's
brinkmanship
brinkmanship's
brinks
brinksmanship
brinksmanship's
briny
briquet
briquet's
briquets
briquette
briquette's
briquettes
brisk
brisked
brisker
briskest
brisket
brisket's
briskets
brisking
briskly
briskness
briskness's
brisks
bristle
bristle's
bristled
bristles
bristlier
bristliest
bristling
bristly
britches
britches's
brittle
brittle's
brittleness
brittleness's
brittler
brittlest
broach
broach's
broached
broaches
broaching
broad
broad's
broadcast
broadcast's
broadcasted
broadcaster
broadcaster's
broadcasters
broadcasting
broadcasts
broadcloth
broadcloth's
broaden
broadened
broadening
broadens
broader
broadest
broadloom
broadloom's
broadly
broadness
broadness's
broads
broadside
broadside's
broadsided
broadsides
broadsiding
broadsword
broadsword's
broadswords
brocade
brocade's
brocaded
brocades
brocading
broccoli
broccoli's
brochure
brochure's
brochures
brogan
brogan's
brogans
brogue
brogue's
brogues
broil
broil's
broiled
broiler
broiler's
broilers
broiling
broils
broke
broken
brokenhearted
broker
broker's
brokerage
brokerage's
brokerages
brokered
brokering
brokers
bromide
bromide's
bromides
bromine
bromine's
bronchi
bronchial
bronchitis
bronchitis's
broncho
broncho's
bronchos
bronchus
bronchus's
bronco
bronco's
broncos
brontosaur
brontosaur's
brontosauri
brontosaurs
brontosaurus
brontosaurus's
brontosauruses
bronze
bronze's
bronzed
bronzes
bronzing
brooch
brooch's
brooches
brood
brood's
brooded
brooder
brooder's
brooders
brooding
broods
brook
brook's
brooked
brooking
brooks
broom
broom's
brooms
broomstick
broomstick's
broomsticks
broth
broth's
brothel
brothel's
brothels
brother
brother's
brotherhood
brotherhood's
brotherhoods
brotherliness
brotherliness's
brotherly
brothers
broths
brought
brouhaha
brouhaha's
brouhahas
brow
brow's
browbeat
browbeaten
browbeating
browbeats
brown
brown's
browned
browner
brownest
brownie
brownie's
brownies
browning
brownish
brownout
brownout's
brownouts
browns
brownstone
brownstone's
brownstones
brows
browse
browse's
browsed
browser
browser's
browsers
browses
browsing
brr
bruin
bruin's
bruins
bruise
bruise's
bruised
bruiser
bruiser's
bruisers
bruises
bruising
brunch
brunch's
brunched
brunches
brunching
brunet
brunet's
brunets
brunette
brunette's
brunettes
brunt
brunt's
brush
brush's
brushed
brushes
brushing
brushwood
brushwood's
brusk
brusker
bruskest
bruskly
bruskness
bruskness's
brusque
brusquely
brusqueness
brusqueness's
brusquer
brusquest
brutal
brutalities
brutality
brutality's
brutalize
brutalized
brutalizes
brutalizing
brutally
brute
brute's
brutes
brutish
brutishly
bubble
bubble's
bubbled
bubbles
bubblier
bubbliest
bubbling
bubbly
bubbly's
buccaneer
buccaneer's
buccaneered
buccaneering
buccaneers
buck
buck's
buckboard
buckboard's
buckboards
bucked
bucket
bucket's
bucketed
bucketful
bucketful's
bucketfuls
bucketing
buckets
buckeye
buckeye's
buckeyes
bucking
buckle
buckle's
buckled
buckler
buckler's
bucklers
buckles
buckling
buckram
buckram's
bucks
bucksaw
bucksaw's
bucksaws
buckshot
buckshot's
buckskin
buckskin's
buckskins
buckteeth
bucktooth
bucktooth's
bucktoothed
buckwheat
buckwheat's
bucolic
bucolic's
bucolics
bud
bud's
budded
buddies
budding
buddings
buddy
buddy's
budge
budged
budgerigar
budgerigar's
budgerigars
budges
budget
budget's
budgetary
budgeted
budgeting
budgets
budgie
budgie's
budgies
budging
buds
buff
buff's
buffalo
buffalo's
buffaloed
buffaloes
buffaloing
buffalos
buffed
buffer
buffer's
buffered
buffering
buffers
buffet
buffet's
buffeted
buffeting
buffets
buffing
buffoon
buffoon's
buffoonery
buffoonery's
buffoons
buffs
bug
bug's
bugaboo
bugaboo's
bugaboos
bugbear
bugbear's
bugbears
bugged
bugger
bugger's
buggers
buggier
buggies
buggiest
bugging
buggy
buggy's
bugle
bugle's
bugled
bugler
bugler's
buglers
bugles
bugling
bugs
build
build's
builder
builder's
builders
building
building's
buildings
builds
buildup
buildup's
buildups
built
bulb
bulb's
bulbous
bulbs
bulge
bulge's
bulged
bulges
bulgier
bulgiest
bulging
bulgy
bulimia
bulimia's
bulimic
bulimic's
bulimics
bulk
bulk's
bulked
bulkhead
bulkhead's
bulkheads
bulkier
bulkiest
bulkiness
bulkiness's
bulking
bulks
bulky
bull
bull's
bulldog
bulldog's
bulldogged
bulldogging
bulldogs
bulldoze
bulldozed
bulldozer
bulldozer's
bulldozers
bulldozes
bulldozing
bulled
bullet
bullet's
bulletin
bulletin's
bulletined
bulletining
bulletins
bulletproof
bulletproofed
bulletproofing
bulletproofs
bullets
bullfight
bullfight's
bullfighter
bullfighter's
bullfighters
bullfighting
bullfighting's
bullfights
bullfinch
bullfinch's
bullfinches
bullfrog
bullfrog's
bullfrogs
bullheaded
bullhorn
bullhorn's
bullhorns
bullied
bullies
bulling
bullion
bullion's
bullish
bullock
bullock's
bullocks
bullpen
bullpen's
bullpens
bullring
bullring's
bullrings
bulls
bullshit
bullshit's
bullshits
bullshitted
bullshitting
bully
bully's
bullying
bulrush
bulrush's
bulrushes
bulwark
bulwark's
bulwarks
bum
bum's
bumble
bumblebee
bumblebee's
bumblebees
bumbled
bumbler
bumbler's
bumblers
bumbles
bumbling
bummed
bummer
bummer's
bummers
bummest
bumming
bump
bump's
bumped
bumper
bumper's
bumpers
bumpier
bumpiest
bumping
bumpkin
bumpkin's
bumpkins
bumps
bumptious
bumpy
bums
bun
bun's
bunch
bunch's
bunched
bunches
bunching
buncombe
buncombe's
bundle
bundle's
bundled
bundles
bundling
bung
bung's
bungalow
bungalow's
bungalows
bunged
bunghole
bunghole's
bungholes
bunging
bungle
bungle's
bungled
bungler
bungler's
bunglers
bungles
bungling
bungs
bunion
bunion's
bunions
bunk
bunk's
bunked
bunker
bunker's
bunkers
bunkhouse
bunkhouse's
bunkhouses
bunking
bunks
bunkum
bunkum's
bunnies
bunny
bunny's
buns
bunt
bunt's
bunted
bunting
bunting's
buntings
bunts
buoy
buoy's
buoyancy
buoyancy's
buoyant
buoyantly
buoyed
buoying
buoys
bur
bur's
burble
burbled
burbles
burbling
burden
burden's
burdened
burdening
burdens
burdensome
burdock
burdock's
bureau
bureau's
bureaucracies
bureaucracy
bureaucracy's
bureaucrat
bureaucrat's
bureaucratic
bureaucratically
bureaucrats
bureaus
bureaux
burg
burg's
burgeon
burgeoned
burgeoning
burgeons
burger
burger's
burgers
burgher
burgher's
burghers
burglar
burglar's
burglaries
burglarize
burglarized
burglarizes
burglarizing
burglars
burglary
burglary's
burgle
burgled
burgles
burgling
burgs
burial
burial's
burials
buried
buries
burlap
burlap's
burlesque
burlesque's
burlesqued
burlesques
burlesquing
burlier
burliest
burliness
burliness's
burly
burn
burn's
burned
burner
burner's
burners
burning
burnish
burnish's
burnished
burnishes
burnishing
burnoose
burnoose's
burnooses
burnous
burnous's
burnouses
burnout
burnout's
burnouts
burns
burnt
burp
burp's
burped
burping
burps
burr
burr's
burred
burring
burrito
burrito's
burritos
burro
burro's
burros
burrow
burrow's
burrowed
burrowing
burrows
burrs
burs
bursar
bursar's
bursars
bursitis
bursitis's
burst
burst's
bursted
bursting
bursts
bury
burying
bus
bus's
busbies
busboy
busboy's
busboys
busby
busby's
bused
buses
bush
bush's
bushed
bushel
bushel's
busheled
busheling
bushelled
bushelling
bushels
bushes
bushier
bushiest
bushiness
bushiness's
bushing
bushing's
bushings
bushman
bushman's
bushmen
bushwhack
bushwhacked
bushwhacker
bushwhacker's
bushwhackers
bushwhacking
bushwhacks
bushy
busied
busier
busies
busiest
busily
business
business's
businesses
businesslike
businessman
businessman's
businessmen
businesswoman
businesswoman's
businesswomen
busing
busing's
buss
buss's
bussed
busses
bussing
bussing's
bust
bust's
busted
buster
buster's
busters
busting
bustle
bustle's
bustled
bustles
bustling
busts
busy
busybodies
busybody
busybody's
busying
busyness
busyness's
busywork
busywork's
but
butane
butane's
butch
butch's
butcher
butcher's
butchered
butcheries
butchering
butchers
butchery
butchery's
butches
butler
butler's
butlers
buts
butt
butt's
butte
butte's
butted
butter
butter's
buttercup
buttercup's
buttercups
buttered
butterfat
butterfat's
butterfingers
butterfingers's
butterflied
butterflies
butterfly
butterfly's
butterflying
butterier
butteries
butteriest
buttering
buttermilk
buttermilk's
butternut
butternut's
butternuts
butters
butterscotch
butterscotch's
buttery
buttery's
buttes
butting
buttock
buttock's
buttocks
button
button's
buttoned
buttonhole
buttonhole's
buttonholed
buttonholes
buttonholing
buttoning
buttons
buttress
buttress's
buttressed
buttresses
buttressing
butts
buxom
buy
buy's
buyer
buyer's
buyers
buying
buyout
buyout's
buyouts
buys
buzz
buzz's
buzzard
buzzard's
buzzards
buzzed
buzzer
buzzer's
buzzers
buzzes
buzzing
buzzword
buzzword's
buzzwords
by
by's
bye
bye's
byelaw
byelaw's
byelaws
byes
bygone
bygone's
bygones
bylaw
bylaw's
bylaws
byline
byline's
bylines
bypass
bypass's
bypassed
bypasses
bypassing
bypast
byplay
byplay's
byproduct
byproduct's
byproducts
bystander
bystander's
bystanders
byte
byte's
bytes
byway
byway's
byways
byword
byword's
bywords
c
cab
cab's
cabal
cabal's
cabals
cabana
cabana's
cabanas
cabaret
cabaret's
cabarets
cabbage
cabbage's
cabbages
cabbed
cabbie
cabbie's
cabbies
cabbing
cabby
cabby's
cabin
cabin's
cabinet
cabinet's
cabinetmaker
cabinetmaker's
cabinetmakers
cabinets
cabins
cable
cable's
cablecast
cablecast's
cablecasted
cablecasting
cablecasts
cabled
cablegram
cablegram's
cablegrams
cables
cabling
caboodle
caboodle's
caboose
caboose's
cabooses
cabs
cacao
cacao's
cacaos
cache
cache's
cached
caches
cachet
cachet's
cachets
caching
cackle
cackle's
cackled
cackles
cackling
cacophonies
cacophonous
cacophony
cacophony's
cacti
cactus
cactus's
cactuses
cad
cad's
cadaver
cadaver's
cadaverous
cadavers
caddie
caddie's
caddied
caddies
caddish
caddy
caddy's
caddying
cadence
cadence's
cadences
cadenza
cadenza's
cadenzas
cadet
cadet's
cadets
cadge
cadged
cadger
cadger's
cadgers
cadges
cadging
cadmium
cadmium's
cadre
cadre's
cadres
cads
caducei
caduceus
caduceus's
caesarean
caesarean's
caesareans
caesarian
caesarian's
caesarians
caesura
caesura's
caesurae
caesuras
cafeteria
cafeteria's
cafeterias
caffeinated
caffeine
caffeine's
caftan
caftan's
caftans
café
café's
cafés
cage
cage's
caged
cages
cagey
cageyness
cageyness's
cagier
cagiest
cagily
caginess
caginess's
caging
cagy
cahoot
cahoot's
cahoots
cairn
cairn's
cairns
caisson
caisson's
caissons
cajole
cajoled
cajolery
cajolery's
cajoles
cajoling
cake
cake's
caked
cakes
caking
calabash
calabash's
calabashes
calamine
calamine's
calamities
calamitous
calamity
calamity's
calcified
calcifies
calcify
calcifying
calcine
calcined
calcines
calcining
calcite
calcite's
calcium
calcium's
calculable
calculate
calculated
calculates
calculating
calculation
calculation's
calculations
calculator
calculator's
calculators
calculi
calculus
calculus's
calculuses
caldron
caldron's
caldrons
calendar
calendar's
calendared
calendaring
calendars
calf
calf's
calfs
calfskin
calfskin's
caliber
caliber's
calibers
calibrate
calibrated
calibrates
calibrating
calibration
calibration's
calibrations
calibrator
calibrator's
calibrators
calico
calico's
calicoes
calicos
calif
calif's
califs
caliper
caliper's
calipered
calipering
calipers
caliph
caliph's
caliphate
caliphate's
caliphates
caliphs
calisthenic
calisthenics
calisthenics's
calk
calk's
calked
calking
calking's
calkings
calks
call
call's
callable
called
caller
caller's
callers
calligrapher
calligrapher's
calligraphers
calligraphy
calligraphy's
calling
calling's
callings
calliope
calliope's
calliopes
calliper
calliper's
callipered
callipering
callipers
callisthenics
callous
calloused
callouses
callousing
callously
callousness
callousness's
callow
callower
callowest
calls
callus
callus's
callused
calluses
callusing
calm
calm's
calmed
calmer
calmest
calming
calmly
calmness
calmness's
calms
caloric
calorie
calorie's
calories
calorific
calumniate
calumniated
calumniates
calumniating
calumnies
calumny
calumny's
calve
calved
calves
calving
calyces
calypso
calypso's
calypsos
calyx
calyx's
calyxes
cam
cam's
camaraderie
camaraderie's
camber
camber's
cambered
cambering
cambers
cambia
cambium
cambium's
cambiums
cambric
cambric's
camcorder
camcorder's
camcorders
came
camel
camel's
camellia
camellia's
camellias
camels
cameo
cameo's
cameos
camera
camera's
cameraman
cameraman's
cameramen
cameras
camerawoman
camerawoman's
camerawomen
camisole
camisole's
camisoles
camomile
camomile's
camomiles
camouflage
camouflage's
camouflaged
camouflages
camouflaging
camp
camp's
campaign
campaign's
campaigned
campaigner
campaigner's
campaigners
campaigning
campaigns
campanile
campanile's
campaniles
campanili
camped
camper
camper's
campers
campfire
campfire's
campfires
campground
campground's
campgrounds
camphor
camphor's
campier
campiest
camping
camping's
camps
campsite
campsite's
campsites
campus
campus's
campuses
campy
cams
camshaft
camshaft's
camshafts
can
can's
can't
canal
canal's
canals
canapé
canapé's
canapés
canard
canard's
canards
canaries
canary
canary's
canasta
canasta's
cancan
cancan's
cancans
cancel
cancelation
canceled
canceling
cancellation
cancellation's
cancellations
cancelled
cancelling
cancels
cancer
cancer's
cancerous
cancers
candelabra
candelabra's
candelabras
candelabrum
candelabrum's
candelabrums
candid
candidacies
candidacy
candidacy's
candidate
candidate's
candidates
candidly
candidness
candidness's
candied
candies
candle
candle's
candled
candlelight
candlelight's
candles
candlestick
candlestick's
candlesticks
candling
candor
candor's
candy
candy's
candying
cane
cane's
caned
canes
canine
canine's
canines
caning
canister
canister's
canisters
canker
canker's
cankered
cankering
cankerous
cankers
cannabis
cannabis's
cannabises
canned
canneries
cannery
cannery's
cannibal
cannibal's
cannibalism
cannibalism's
cannibalistic
cannibalize
cannibalized
cannibalizes
cannibalizing
cannibals
cannier
canniest
cannily
canniness
canniness's
canning
cannon
cannon's
cannonade
cannonade's
cannonaded
cannonades
cannonading
cannonball
cannonball's
cannonballs
cannoned
cannoning
cannons
cannot
canny
canoe
canoe's
canoed
canoeing
canoeist
canoeist's
canoeists
canoes
canon
canon's
canonical
canonization
canonization's
canonizations
canonize
canonized
canonizes
canonizing
canons
canopied
canopies
canopy
canopy's
canopying
cans
cant
cant's
cantaloup
cantaloup's
cantaloupe
cantaloupe's
cantaloupes
cantaloups
cantankerous
cantankerously
cantankerousness
cantankerousness's
cantata
cantata's
cantatas
canted
canteen
canteen's
canteens
canter
canter's
cantered
cantering
canters
canticle
canticle's
canticles
cantilever
cantilever's
cantilevered
cantilevering
cantilevers
canting
canto
canto's
canton
canton's
cantons
cantor
cantor's
cantors
cantos
cants
canvas
canvas's
canvasback
canvasback's
canvasbacks
canvased
canvases
canvasing
canvass
canvass's
canvassed
canvasser
canvasser's
canvassers
canvasses
canvassing
canyon
canyon's
canyons
cap
cap's
capabilities
capability
capability's
capable
capably
capacious
capaciously
capaciousness
capaciousness's
capacitance
capacities
capacitor
capacitor's
capacitors
capacity
capacity's
caparison
caparison's
caparisoned
caparisoning
caparisons
cape
cape's
caped
caper
caper's
capered
capering
capers
capes
capillaries
capillary
capillary's
capital
capital's
capitalism
capitalism's
capitalist
capitalist's
capitalistic
capitalists
capitalization
capitalization's
capitalize
capitalized
capitalizes
capitalizing
capitals
capitol
capitol's
capitols
capitulate
capitulated
capitulates
capitulating
capitulation
capitulation's
capitulations
caplet
caplet's
caplets
capon
capon's
capons
capped
capping
cappuccino
cappuccino's
cappuccinos
caprice
caprice's
caprices
capricious
capriciously
capriciousness
capriciousness's
caps
capsize
capsized
capsizes
capsizing
capstan
capstan's
capstans
capsule
capsule's
capsuled
capsules
capsuling
captain
captain's
captaincies
captaincy
captaincy's
captained
captaining
captains
caption
caption's
captioned
captioning
captions
captious
captivate
captivated
captivates
captivating
captivation
captivation's
captive
captive's
captives
captivities
captivity
captivity's
captor
captor's
captors
capture
capture's
captured
captures
capturing
car
car's
caracul
caracul's
carafe
carafe's
carafes
caramel
caramel's
caramels
carapace
carapace's
carapaces
carat
carat's
carats
caravan
caravan's
caravans
caraway
caraway's
caraways
carbide
carbide's
carbides
carbine
carbine's
carbines
carbohydrate
carbohydrate's
carbohydrates
carbon
carbon's
carbonate
carbonate's
carbonated
carbonates
carbonating
carbonation
carbonation's
carbons
carboy
carboy's
carboys
carbuncle
carbuncle's
carbuncles
carburetor
carburetor's
carburetors
carcass
carcass's
carcasses
carcinogen
carcinogen's
carcinogenic
carcinogenic's
carcinogenics
carcinogens
carcinoma
carcinoma's
carcinomas
carcinomata
card
card's
cardboard
cardboard's
carded
cardiac
cardigan
cardigan's
cardigans
cardinal
cardinal's
cardinals
carding
cardiogram
cardiogram's
cardiograms
cardiologist
cardiologist's
cardiologists
cardiology
cardiology's
cardiopulmonary
cardiovascular
cards
cardsharp
cardsharp's
cardsharps
care
care's
cared
careen
careened
careening
careens
career
career's
careered
careering
careers
carefree
careful
carefuller
carefullest
carefully
carefulness
carefulness's
caregiver
caregiver's
caregivers
careless
carelessly
carelessness
carelessness's
cares
caress
caress's
caressed
caresses
caressing
caret
caret's
caretaker
caretaker's
caretakers
carets
careworn
carfare
carfare's
cargo
cargo's
cargoes
cargos
caribou
caribou's
caribous
caricature
caricature's
caricatured
caricatures
caricaturing
caricaturist
caricaturist's
caricaturists
caries
caries's
carillon
carillon's
carillons
caring
caring's
carjack
carjacked
carjacker
carjacker's
carjackers
carjacking
carjacking's
carjackings
carjacks
carmine
carmine's
carmines
carnage
carnage's
carnal
carnally
carnation
carnation's
carnations
carnelian
carnelian's
carnelians
carnival
carnival's
carnivals
carnivore
carnivore's
carnivores
carnivorous
carol
carol's
caroled
caroler
caroler's
carolers
caroling
carolled
caroller
caroller's
carollers
carolling
carols
carom
carom's
caromed
caroming
caroms
carotid
carotid's
carotids
carousal
carousal's
carousals
carouse
carouse's
caroused
carousel
carousel's
carousels
carouser
carouser's
carousers
carouses
carousing
carp
carp's
carpal
carpal's
carpals
carped
carpel
carpel's
carpels
carpenter
carpenter's
carpentered
carpentering
carpenters
carpentry
carpentry's
carpet
carpet's
carpetbag
carpetbag's
carpetbagged
carpetbagger
carpetbagger's
carpetbaggers
carpetbagging
carpetbags
carpeted
carpeting
carpeting's
carpets
carpi
carping
carport
carport's
carports
carps
carpus
carpus's
carrel
carrel's
carrels
carriage
carriage's
carriages
carriageway
carried
carrier
carrier's
carriers
carries
carrion
carrion's
carrot
carrot's
carrots
carrousel
carrousel's
carrousels
carry
carry's
carryall
carryall's
carryalls
carrying
carryout
cars
carsick
carsickness
carsickness's
cart
cart's
carted
cartel
cartel's
cartels
cartilage
cartilage's
cartilages
cartilaginous
carting
cartographer
cartographer's
cartographers
cartography
cartography's
carton
carton's
cartons
cartoon
cartoon's
cartooned
cartooning
cartoonist
cartoonist's
cartoonists
cartoons
cartridge
cartridge's
cartridges
carts
cartwheel
cartwheel's
cartwheeled
cartwheeling
cartwheels
carve
carved
carver
carver's
carvers
carves
carving
carving's
carvings
caryatid
caryatid's
caryatides
caryatids
cascade
cascade's
cascaded
cascades
cascading
case
case's
cased
casein
casein's
caseload
caseload's
caseloads
casement
casement's
casements
cases
casework
casework's
caseworker
caseworker's
caseworkers
cash
cash's
cashed
cashes
cashew
cashew's
cashews
cashier
cashier's
cashiered
cashiering
cashiers
cashing
cashmere
cashmere's
casing
casing's
casings
casino
casino's
casinos
cask
cask's
casket
casket's
caskets
casks
cassava
cassava's
cassavas
casserole
casserole's
casseroled
casseroles
casseroling
cassette
cassette's
cassettes
cassia
cassia's
cassias
cassino
cassino's
cassinos
cassock
cassock's
cassocks
cast
cast's
castanet
castanet's
castanets
castaway
castaway's
castaways
caste
caste's
caster
caster's
casters
castes
castigate
castigated
castigates
castigating
castigation
castigation's
castigator
castigator's
castigators
casting
casting's
castings
castle
castle's
castled
castles
castling
castoff
castoff's
castoffs
castor
castor's
castors
castrate
castrated
castrates
castrating
castration
castration's
castrations
casts
casual
casual's
casually
casualness
casualness's
casuals
casualties
casualty
casualty's
casuist
casuist's
casuistry
casuistry's
casuists
cat
cat's
cataclysm
cataclysm's
cataclysmic
cataclysms
catacomb
catacomb's
catacombs
catafalque
catafalque's
catafalques
catalepsy
catalepsy's
cataleptic
cataleptic's
cataleptics
catalog
catalog's
cataloged
cataloger
cataloger's
catalogers
cataloging
catalogs
catalogue
catalogue's
catalogued
cataloguer
cataloguer's
cataloguers
catalogues
cataloguing
catalpa
catalpa's
catalpas
catalysis
catalysis's
catalyst
catalyst's
catalysts
catalytic
catalytic's
catalyze
catalyzed
catalyzes
catalyzing
catamaran
catamaran's
catamarans
catapult
catapult's
catapulted
catapulting
catapults
cataract
cataract's
cataracts
catarrh
catarrh's
catastrophe
catastrophe's
catastrophes
catastrophic
catastrophically
catatonic
catatonic's
catatonics
catbird
catbird's
catbirds
catboat
catboat's
catboats
catcall
catcall's
catcalled
catcalling
catcalls
catch
catch's
catchall
catchall's
catchalls
catcher
catcher's
catchers
catches
catchier
catchiest
catching
catchings
catchment
catchphrase
catchup
catchup's
catchword
catchword's
catchwords
catchy
catechise
catechised
catechises
catechising
catechism
catechism's
catechisms
catechize
catechized
catechizes
catechizing
categorical
categorically
categories
categorization
categorization's
categorizations
categorize
categorized
categorizes
categorizing
category
category's
cater
catered
caterer
caterer's
caterers
catering
caterings
caterpillar
caterpillar's
caterpillars
caters
caterwaul
caterwaul's
caterwauled
caterwauling
caterwauls
catfish
catfish's
catfishes
catgut
catgut's
catharses
catharsis
catharsis's
cathartic
cathartic's
cathartics
cathedral
cathedral's
cathedrals
catheter
catheter's
catheters
cathode
cathode's
cathodes
catholic
catholicity
catholicity's
cation
cation's
cations
catkin
catkin's
catkins
catnap
catnap's
catnapped
catnapping
catnaps
catnip
catnip's
cats
catsup
catsup's
cattail
cattail's
cattails
cattier
cattiest
cattily
cattiness
cattiness's
cattle
cattle's
cattleman
cattleman's
cattlemen
catty
catwalk
catwalk's
catwalks
caucus
caucus's
caucused
caucuses
caucusing
caucussed
caucussing
caudal
caught
cauldron
cauldron's
cauldrons
cauliflower
cauliflower's
cauliflowers
caulk
caulk's
caulked
caulking
caulking's
caulkings
caulks
causal
causalities
causality
causality's
causally
causation
causation's
causative
cause
cause's
caused
causeless
causes
causeway
causeway's
causeways
causing
caustic
caustic's
caustically
caustics
cauterize
cauterized
cauterizes
cauterizing
caution
caution's
cautionary
cautioned
cautioning
cautions
cautious
cautiously
cautiousness
cautiousness's
cavalcade
cavalcade's
cavalcades
cavalier
cavalier's
cavaliers
cavalries
cavalry
cavalry's
cavalryman
cavalryman's
cavalrymen
cave
cave's
caveat
caveat's
caveats
caved
caveman
caveman's
cavemen
cavern
cavern's
cavernous
caverns
caves
caviar
caviar's
caviare
caviare's
cavil
cavil's
caviled
caviling
cavilled
cavilling
cavils
caving
cavities
cavity
cavity's
cavort
cavorted
cavorting
cavorts
caw
caw's
cawed
cawing
caws
cayenne
cayenne's
cease
cease's
ceased
ceasefire
ceaseless
ceaselessly
ceases
ceasing
cedar
cedar's
cedars
cede
ceded
cedes
cedilla
cedilla's
cedillas
ceding
ceiling
ceiling's
ceilings
celebrant
celebrant's
celebrants
celebrate
celebrated
celebrates
celebrating
celebration
celebration's
celebrations
celebratory
celebrities
celebrity
celebrity's
celerity
celerity's
celery
celery's
celesta
celesta's
celestas
celestial
celibacy
celibacy's
celibate
celibate's
celibates
cell
cell's
cellar
cellar's
cellars
celli
cellist
cellist's
cellists
cello
cello's
cellophane
cellophane's
cellos
cells
cellular
cellular's
cellulars
cellulite
cellulite's
celluloid
celluloid's
cellulose
cellulose's
cement
cement's
cemented
cementing
cements
cemeteries
cemetery
cemetery's
cenotaph
cenotaph's
cenotaphs
censer
censer's
censers
censor
censor's
censored
censoring
censorious
censoriously
censors
censorship
censorship's
censure
censure's
censured
censures
censuring
census
census's
censused
censuses
censusing
cent
cent's
centaur
centaur's
centaurs
centenarian
centenarian's
centenarians
centenaries
centenary
centenary's
centennial
centennial's
centennials
center
center's
centered
centerfold
centerfold's
centerfolds
centering
centerpiece
centerpiece's
centerpieces
centers
centigrade
centigram
centigram's
centigramme
centigramme's
centigrammes
centigrams
centiliter
centiliter's
centiliters
centime
centime's
centimes
centimeter
centimeter's
centimeters
centipede
centipede's
centipedes
central
central's
centralization
centralization's
centralize
centralized
centralizes
centralizing
centrally
centrals
centrifugal
centrifuge
centrifuge's
centrifuged
centrifuges
centrifuging
centripetal
centrist
centrist's
centrists
cents
centuries
centurion
centurion's
centurions
century
century's
cephalic
ceramic
ceramic's
ceramics
ceramics's
cereal
cereal's
cereals
cerebella
cerebellum
cerebellum's
cerebellums
cerebra
cerebral
cerebrum
cerebrum's
cerebrums
ceremonial
ceremonial's
ceremonially
ceremonials
ceremonies
ceremonious
ceremoniously
ceremony
ceremony's
cerise
cerise's
certain
certainly
certainties
certainty
certainty's
certifiable
certificate
certificate's
certificated
certificates
certificating
certification
certification's
certifications
certified
certifies
certify
certifying
certitude
certitude's
cerulean
cerulean's
cervical
cervices
cervix
cervix's
cervixes
cesarean
cesarean's
cesareans
cesarian
cesarian's
cesarians
cesium
cesium's
cessation
cessation's
cessations
cession
cession's
cessions
cesspool
cesspool's
cesspools
cetacean
cetacean's
cetaceans
chafe
chafed
chafes
chaff
chaff's
chaffed
chaffinch
chaffinch's
chaffinches
chaffing
chaffs
chafing
chagrin
chagrin's
chagrined
chagrining
chagrinned
chagrinning
chagrins
chain
chain's
chained
chaining
chains
chainsaw
chainsaw's
chainsawed
chainsawing
chainsaws
chair
chair's
chaired
chairing
chairlift
chairlift's
chairlifts
chairman
chairman's
chairmanship
chairmanship's
chairmen
chairperson
chairperson's
chairpersons
chairs
chairwoman
chairwoman's
chairwomen
chaise
chaise's
chaises
chalet
chalet's
chalets
chalice
chalice's
chalices
chalk
chalk's
chalkboard
chalkboard's
chalkboards
chalked
chalkier
chalkiest
chalking
chalks
chalky
challenge
challenge's
challenged
challenger
challenger's
challengers
challenges
challenging
chamber
chamber's
chamberlain
chamberlain's
chamberlains
chambermaid
chambermaid's
chambermaids
chambers
chambray
chambray's
chameleon
chameleon's
chameleons
chammies
chammy
chammy's
chamois
chamois's
chamoix
chamomile
chamomile's
chamomiles
champ
champ's
champagne
champagne's
champagnes
champed
champing
champion
champion's
championed
championing
champions
championship
championship's
championships
champs
chance
chance's
chanced
chancel
chancel's
chancelleries
chancellery
chancellery's
chancellor
chancellor's
chancellors
chancels
chanceries
chancery
chancery's
chances
chancier
chanciest
chancing
chancy
chandelier
chandelier's
chandeliers
chandler
chandler's
chandlers
change
change's
changeable
changed
changeling
changeling's
changelings
changeover
changeover's
changeovers
changes
changing
channel
channel's
channeled
channeling
channelled
channelling
channels
chant
chant's
chanted
chanter
chanter's
chanters
chantey
chantey's
chanteys
chanticleer
chanticleer's
chanticleers
chanties
chanting
chants
chanty
chanty's
chaos
chaos's
chaotic
chaotically
chap
chap's
chaparral
chaparral's
chaparrals
chapel
chapel's
chapels
chaperon
chaperon's
chaperone
chaperone's
chaperoned
chaperones
chaperoning
chaperons
chaplain
chaplain's
chaplaincies
chaplaincy
chaplaincy's
chaplains
chaplet
chaplet's
chaplets
chapped
chapping
chaps
chapt
chapter
chapter's
chapters
char
char's
character
character's
characteristic
characteristic's
characteristically
characteristics
characterization
characterization's
characterizations
characterize
characterized
characterizes
characterizing
characters
charade
charade's
charades
charbroil
charbroiled
charbroiling
charbroils
charcoal
charcoal's
charcoals
charge
charge's
chargeable
charged
charger
charger's
chargers
charges
charging
charier
chariest
charily
chariot
chariot's
charioteer
charioteer's
charioteers
chariots
charisma
charisma's
charismatic
charismatic's
charismatics
charitable
charitably
charities
charity
charity's
charlatan
charlatan's
charlatans
charm
charm's
charmed
charmer
charmer's
charmers
charming
charmingly
charms
charred
charring
chars
chart
chart's
charted
charter
charter's
chartered
chartering
charters
charting
chartreuse
chartreuse's
charts
charwoman
charwoman's
charwomen
chary
chase
chase's
chased
chaser
chaser's
chasers
chases
chasing
chasm
chasm's
chasms
chassis
chassis's
chaste
chastely
chasten
chastened
chastening
chastens
chaster
chastest
chastise
chastised
chastisement
chastisement's
chastisements
chastises
chastising
chastity
chastity's
chasuble
chasuble's
chasubles
chat
chat's
chateaus
chats
chatted
chattel
chattel's
chattels
chatter
chatter's
chatterbox
chatterbox's
chatterboxes
chattered
chatterer
chatterer's
chatterers
chattering
chatters
chattier
chattiest
chattily
chattiness
chattiness's
chatting
chatty
chauffeur
chauffeur's
chauffeured
chauffeuring
chauffeurs
chauvinism
chauvinism's
chauvinist
chauvinist's
chauvinistic
chauvinists
cheap
cheapen
cheapened
cheapening
cheapens
cheaper
cheapest
cheaply
cheapness
cheapness's
cheapskate
cheapskate's
cheapskates
cheat
cheat's
cheated
cheater
cheater's
cheaters
cheating
cheats
check
check's
checkbook
checkbook's
checkbooks
checked
checker
checker's
checkerboard
checkerboard's
checkerboards
checkered
checkering
checkers
checkers's
checking
checklist
checklist's
checklists
checkmate
checkmate's
checkmated
checkmates
checkmating
checkout
checkout's
checkouts
checkpoint
checkpoint's
checkpoints
checkroom
checkroom's
checkrooms
checks
checkup
checkup's
checkups
cheddar
cheddar's
cheek
cheek's
cheekbone
cheekbone's
cheekbones
cheeked
cheekier
cheekiest
cheekily
cheekiness
cheekiness's
cheeking
cheeks
cheeky
cheep
cheep's
cheeped
cheeping
cheeps
cheer
cheer's
cheered
cheerful
cheerfuller
cheerfullest
cheerfully
cheerfulness
cheerfulness's
cheerier
cheeriest
cheerily
cheeriness
cheeriness's
cheering
cheerleader
cheerleader's
cheerleaders
cheerless
cheerlessly
cheerlessness
cheerlessness's
cheers
cheery
cheese
cheese's
cheeseburger
cheeseburger's
cheeseburgers
cheesecake
cheesecake's
cheesecakes
cheesecloth
cheesecloth's
cheesed
cheeses
cheesier
cheesiest
cheesing
cheesy
cheetah
cheetah's
cheetahs
chef
chef's
chefs
chemical
chemical's
chemically
chemicals
chemise
chemise's
chemises
chemist
chemist's
chemistry
chemistry's
chemists
chemotherapy
chemotherapy's
chenille
chenille's
cherish
cherished
cherishes
cherishing
cheroot
cheroot's
cheroots
cherries
cherry
cherry's
cherub
cherub's
cherubic
cherubim
cherubims
cherubs
chervil
chervil's
chess
chess's
chessboard
chessboard's
chessboards
chessman
chessman's
chessmen
chest
chest's
chestnut
chestnut's
chestnuts
chests
chevron
chevron's
chevrons
chew
chew's
chewed
chewer
chewer's
chewers
chewier
chewiest
chewing
chews
chewy
chi
chiaroscuro
chiaroscuro's
chic
chic's
chicaneries
chicanery
chicanery's
chicer
chicest
chichi
chichi's
chichis
chick
chick's
chickadee
chickadee's
chickadees
chicken
chicken's
chickened
chickening
chickenpox
chickenpox's
chickens
chickpea
chickpea's
chickpeas
chicks
chickweed
chickweed's
chicle
chicle's
chicories
chicory
chicory's
chid
chidden
chide
chided
chides
chiding
chief
chief's
chiefer
chiefest
chiefly
chiefs
chieftain
chieftain's
chieftains
chiffon
chiffon's
chigger
chigger's
chiggers
chignon
chignon's
chignons
chilblain
chilblain's
chilblains
child
child's
childbearing
childbearing's
childbirth
childbirth's
childbirths
childcare
childcare's
childhood
childhood's
childhoods
childish
childishly
childishness
childishness's
childless
childlessness
childlessness's
childlike
childproof
childproofed
childproofing
childproofs
children
chile
chile's
chiles
chili
chili's
chilies
chilis
chill
chill's
chilled
chiller
chiller's
chillers
chillest
chilli
chilli's
chillier
chillies
chilliest
chilliness
chilliness's
chilling
chillings
chills
chilly
chimaera
chimaera's
chimaeras
chime
chime's
chimed
chimera
chimera's
chimeras
chimerical
chimes
chiming
chimney
chimney's
chimneys
chimp
chimp's
chimpanzee
chimpanzee's
chimpanzees
chimps
chin
chin's
china
china's
chinchilla
chinchilla's
chinchillas
chink
chink's
chinked
chinking
chinks
chinned
chinning
chino
chino's
chinos
chins
chinstrap
chinstrap's
chinstraps
chintz
chintz's
chintzier
chintziest
chintzy
chip
chip's
chipmunk
chipmunk's
chipmunks
chipped
chipper
chipper's
chippers
chipping
chips
chiropodist
chiropodist's
chiropodists
chiropody
chiropody's
chiropractic
chiropractic's
chiropractics
chiropractor
chiropractor's
chiropractors
chirp
chirp's
chirped
chirping
chirps
chirrup
chirrup's
chirruped
chirruping
chirrupped
chirrupping
chirrups
chisel
chisel's
chiseled
chiseler
chiseler's
chiselers
chiseling
chiselled
chiseller
chiseller's
chisellers
chiselling
chisels
chit
chit's
chitchat
chitchat's
chitchats
chitchatted
chitchatting
chitin
chitin's
chitlings
chitlings's
chitlins
chitlins's
chits
chitterlings
chitterlings's
chivalrous
chivalrously
chivalry
chivalry's
chive
chive's
chives
chloride
chloride's
chlorides
chlorinate
chlorinated
chlorinates
chlorinating
chlorination
chlorination's
chlorine
chlorine's
chlorofluorocarbon
chlorofluorocarbon's
chlorofluorocarbons
chloroform
chloroform's
chloroformed
chloroforming
chloroforms
chlorophyll
chlorophyll's
chock
chock's
chocked
chocking
chocks
chocolate
chocolate's
chocolates
choice
choice's
choicer
choices
choicest
choir
choir's
choirs
choke
choke's
choked
choker
choker's
chokers
chokes
choking
choler
choler's
cholera
cholera's
choleric
cholesterol
cholesterol's
chomp
chomp's
chomped
chomping
chomps
choose
chooses
choosey
choosier
choosiest
choosing
choosy
chop
chop's
chopped
chopper
chopper's
choppered
choppering
choppers
choppier
choppiest
choppily
choppiness
choppiness's
chopping
choppy
chops
chopstick
chopstick's
chopsticks
choral
choral's
chorale
chorale's
chorales
chorals
chord
chord's
chords
chore
chore's
choreograph
choreographed
choreographer
choreographer's
choreographers
choreographic
choreographing
choreographs
choreography
choreography's
chores
chorister
chorister's
choristers
chortle
chortle's
chortled
chortles
chortling
chorus
chorus's
chorused
choruses
chorusing
chorussed
chorussing
chose
chosen
chow
chow's
chowder
chowder's
chowders
chowed
chowing
chows
christen
christened
christening
christening's
christenings
christens
chromatic
chrome
chrome's
chromed
chromes
chroming
chromium
chromium's
chromosome
chromosome's
chromosomes
chronic
chronically
chronicle
chronicle's
chronicled
chronicler
chronicler's
chroniclers
chronicles
chronicling
chronological
chronologically
chronologies
chronology
chronology's
chronometer
chronometer's
chronometers
chrysalides
chrysalis
chrysalis's
chrysalises
chrysanthemum
chrysanthemum's
chrysanthemums
chubbier
chubbiest
chubbiness
chubbiness's
chubby
chuck
chuck's
chucked
chuckhole
chuckhole's
chuckholes
chucking
chuckle
chuckle's
chuckled
chuckles
chuckling
chucks
chug
chug's
chugged
chugging
chugs
chum
chum's
chummed
chummier
chummiest
chumminess
chumminess's
chumming
chummy
chump
chump's
chumps
chums
chunk
chunk's
chunkier
chunkiest
chunkiness
chunkiness's
chunks
chunky
church
church's
churches
churchgoer
churchgoer's
churchgoers
churchman
churchman's
churchmen
churchyard
churchyard's
churchyards
churl
churl's
churlish
churlishly
churlishness
churlishness's
churls
churn
churn's
churned
churning
churns
chute
chute's
chutes
chutney
chutney's
chutzpa
chutzpa's
chutzpah
chutzpah's
château
château's
châteaux
châtelaine
châtelaine's
châtelaines
cicada
cicada's
cicadae
cicadas
cicatrice
cicatrice's
cicatrices
cicatrix
cicatrix's
cider
cider's
ciders
cigar
cigar's
cigaret
cigaret's
cigarets
cigarette
cigarette's
cigarettes
cigarillo
cigarillo's
cigarillos
cigars
cilantro
cilantro's
cilia
cilium
cilium's
cinch
cinch's
cinched
cinches
cinching
cinchona
cinchona's
cinchonas
cincture
cincture's
cinctures
cinder
cinder's
cindered
cindering
cinders
cinema
cinema's
cinemas
cinematic
cinematographer
cinematographer's
cinematographers
cinematography
cinematography's
cinnabar
cinnabar's
cinnamon
cinnamon's
cipher
cipher's
ciphered
ciphering
ciphers
circa
circadian
circle
circle's
circled
circles
circlet
circlet's
circlets
circling
circuit
circuit's
circuited
circuiting
circuitous
circuitously
circuitry
circuitry's
circuits
circular
circular's
circularity
circularity's
circularize
circularized
circularizes
circularizing
circulars
circulate
circulated
circulates
circulating
circulation
circulation's
circulations
circulatory
circumcise
circumcised
circumcises
circumcising
circumcision
circumcision's
circumcisions
circumference
circumference's
circumferences
circumflex
circumflex's
circumflexes
circumlocution
circumlocution's
circumlocutions
circumnavigate
circumnavigated
circumnavigates
circumnavigating
circumnavigation
circumnavigation's
circumnavigations
circumscribe
circumscribed
circumscribes
circumscribing
circumscription
circumscription's
circumscriptions
circumspect
circumspection
circumspection's
circumstance
circumstance's
circumstanced
circumstances
circumstancing
circumstantial
circumstantially
circumvent
circumvented
circumventing
circumvention
circumvention's
circumvents
circus
circus's
circuses
cirrhosis
cirrhosis's
cirrus
cirrus's
cistern
cistern's
cisterns
citadel
citadel's
citadels
citation
citation's
citations
cite
cite's
cited
cites
cities
citing
citizen
citizen's
citizenry
citizenry's
citizens
citizenship
citizenship's
citric
citron
citron's
citronella
citronella's
citrons
citrous
citrus
citrus's
citruses
city
city's
civet
civet's
civets
civic
civics
civics's
civies
civil
civilian
civilian's
civilians
civilities
civility
civility's
civilization
civilization's
civilizations
civilize
civilized
civilizes
civilizing
civilly
civvies
civvies's
clack
clack's
clacked
clacking
clacks
clad
claim
claim's
claimant
claimant's
claimants
claimed
claiming
claims
clairvoyance
clairvoyance's
clairvoyant
clairvoyant's
clairvoyants
clam
clam's
clambake
clambake's
clambakes
clamber
clamber's
clambered
clambering
clambers
clammed
clammier
clammiest
clamminess
clamminess's
clamming
clammy
clamor
clamor's
clamored
clamoring
clamorous
clamors
clamp
clamp's
clampdown
clampdown's
clampdowns
clamped
clamping
clamps
clams
clan
clan's
clandestine
clandestinely
clang
clang's
clanged
clanging
clangor
clangor's
clangs
clank
clank's
clanked
clanking
clanks
clannish
clans
clap
clap's
clapboard
clapboard's
clapboarded
clapboarding
clapboards
clapped
clapper
clapper's
clappers
clapping
claps
claptrap
claptrap's
claret
claret's
clarets
clarification
clarification's
clarifications
clarified
clarifies
clarify
clarifying
clarinet
clarinet's
clarinetist
clarinetist's
clarinetists
clarinets
clarinettist
clarinettist's
clarinettists
clarion
clarion's
clarioned
clarioning
clarions
clarity
clarity's
clash
clash's
clashed
clashes
clashing
clasp
clasp's
clasped
clasping
clasps
class
class's
classed
classes
classic
classic's
classical
classical's
classically
classicism
classicism's
classicist
classicist's
classicists
classics
classier
classiest
classifiable
classification
classification's
classifications
classified
classified's
classifieds
classifies
classify
classifying
classiness
classiness's
classing
classless
classmate
classmate's
classmates
classroom
classroom's
classrooms
classy
clatter
clatter's
clattered
clattering
clatters
clause
clause's
clauses
claustrophobia
claustrophobia's
claustrophobic
clavichord
clavichord's
clavichords
clavicle
clavicle's
clavicles
claw
claw's
clawed
clawing
claws
clay
clay's
clayey
clayier
clayiest
clean
cleaned
cleaner
cleaner's
cleaners
cleanest
cleaning
cleaning's
cleanings
cleanlier
cleanliest
cleanliness
cleanliness's
cleanly
cleanness
cleanness's
cleans
cleanse
cleansed
cleanser
cleanser's
cleansers
cleanses
cleansing
cleanup
cleanup's
cleanups
clear
clear's
clearance
clearance's
clearances
cleared
clearer
clearest
clearing
clearing's
clearinghouse
clearinghouse's
clearinghouses
clearings
clearly
clearness
clearness's
clears
cleat
cleat's
cleats
cleavage
cleavage's
cleavages
cleave
cleaved
cleaver
cleaver's
cleavers
cleaves
cleaving
clef
clef's
clefs
cleft
cleft's
clefts
clematis
clematis's
clematises
clemency
clemency's
clement
clench
clench's
clenched
clenches
clenching
clerestories
clerestory
clerestory's
clergies
clergy
clergy's
clergyman
clergyman's
clergymen
clergywoman
clergywoman's
clergywomen
cleric
cleric's
clerical
clerics
clerk
clerk's
clerked
clerking
clerks
clever
cleverer
cleverest
cleverly
cleverness
cleverness's
clew
clew's
clewed
clewing
clews
cliché
cliché's
clichéd
clichés
click
click's
clicked
clicking
clicks
client
client's
clients
clientèle
clientèle's
clientèles
cliff
cliff's
cliffhanger
cliffhanger's
cliffhangers
cliffs
climactic
climate
climate's
climates
climatic
climax
climax's
climaxed
climaxes
climaxing
climb
climb's
climbed
climber
climber's
climbers
climbing
climbs
clime
clime's
climes
clinch
clinch's
clinched
clincher
clincher's
clinchers
clinches
clinching
cling
cling's
clingier
clingiest
clinging
clings
clingy
clinic
clinic's
clinical
clinically
clinician
clinician's
clinicians
clinics
clink
clink's
clinked
clinker
clinker's
clinkers
clinking
clinks
clip
clip's
clipboard
clipboard's
clipboards
clipped
clipper
clipper's
clippers
clipping
clipping's
clippings
clips
clipt
clique
clique's
cliques
cliquish
clitoral
clitoris
clitoris's
clitorises
cloak
cloak's
cloaked
cloaking
cloakroom
cloakroom's
cloakrooms
cloaks
clobber
clobber's
clobbered
clobbering
clobbers
cloche
cloche's
cloches
clock
clock's
clocked
clocking
clocks
clockwise
clockwork
clockwork's
clockworks
clod
clod's
clodhopper
clodhopper's
clodhoppers
clods
clog
clog's
clogged
clogging
clogs
cloister
cloister's
cloistered
cloistering
cloisters
clomp
clomped
clomping
clomps
clone
clone's
cloned
clones
cloning
clop
clop's
clopped
clopping
clops
close
close's
closed
closefisted
closely
closemouthed
closeness
closeness's
closeout
closeout's
closeouts
closer
closes
closest
closet
closet's
closeted
closeting
closets
closing
closure
closure's
closures
clot
clot's
cloth
cloth's
clothe
clothed
clothes
clothesline
clothesline's
clotheslines
clothespin
clothespin's
clothespins
clothier
clothier's
clothiers
clothing
clothing's
cloths
clots
clotted
clotting
cloture
cloture's
clotures
cloud
cloud's
cloudburst
cloudburst's
cloudbursts
clouded
cloudier
cloudiest
cloudiness
cloudiness's
clouding
cloudless
clouds
cloudy
clout
clout's
clouted
clouting
clouts
clove
clove's
cloven
clover
clover's
cloverleaf
cloverleaf's
cloverleafs
cloverleaves
clovers
cloves
clown
clown's
clowned
clowning
clownish
clownishly
clownishness
clownishness's
clowns
cloy
cloyed
cloying
cloys
club
club's
clubbed
clubbing
clubfeet
clubfoot
clubfoot's
clubhouse
clubhouse's
clubhouses
clubs
cluck
cluck's
clucked
clucking
clucks
clue
clue's
clued
clueing
clueless
clues
cluing
clump
clump's
clumped
clumping
clumps
clumsier
clumsiest
clumsily
clumsiness
clumsiness's
clumsy
clung
clunk
clunk's
clunked
clunker
clunker's
clunkers
clunkier
clunkiest
clunking
clunks
clunky
cluster
cluster's
clustered
clustering
clusters
clutch
clutch's
clutched
clutches
clutching
clutter
clutter's
cluttered
cluttering
clutters
coach
coach's
coached
coaches
coaching
coachman
coachman's
coachmen
coagulant
coagulant's
coagulants
coagulate
coagulated
coagulates
coagulating
coagulation
coagulation's
coal
coal's
coaled
coalesce
coalesced
coalescence
coalescence's
coalesces
coalescing
coaling
coalition
coalition's
coalitions
coals
coarse
coarsely
coarsen
coarsened
coarseness
coarseness's
coarsening
coarsens
coarser
coarsest
coast
coast's
coastal
coasted
coaster
coaster's
coasters
coasting
coastline
coastline's
coastlines
coasts
coat
coat's
coated
coating
coating's
coatings
coats
coauthor
coauthor's
coauthored
coauthoring
coauthors
coax
coaxed
coaxes
coaxing
cob
cob's
cobalt
cobalt's
cobble
cobble's
cobbled
cobbler
cobbler's
cobblers
cobbles
cobblestone
cobblestone's
cobblestones
cobbling
cobra
cobra's
cobras
cobs
cobweb
cobweb's
cobwebs
cocaine
cocaine's
cocci
coccis
coccus
coccus's
coccyges
coccyx
coccyx's
coccyxes
cochlea
cochlea's
cochleae
cochleas
cock
cock's
cockade
cockade's
cockades
cockamamie
cockatoo
cockatoo's
cockatoos
cocked
cockerel
cockerel's
cockerels
cockeyed
cockfight
cockfight's
cockfights
cockier
cockiest
cockily
cockiness
cockiness's
cocking
cockle
cockle's
cockles
cockleshell
cockleshell's
cockleshells
cockney
cockney's
cockneys
cockpit
cockpit's
cockpits
cockroach
cockroach's
cockroaches
cocks
cockscomb
cockscomb's
cockscombs
cocksucker
cocksucker's
cocksuckers
cocksure
cocktail
cocktail's
cocktails
cocky
cocoa
cocoa's
cocoanut
cocoanut's
cocoanuts
cocoas
coconut
coconut's
coconuts
cocoon
cocoon's
cocooned
cocooning
cocoons
cod
cod's
coda
coda's
codas
codded
codding
coddle
coddled
coddles
coddling
code
code's
coded
codeine
codeine's
codependency
codependency's
codependent
codependent's
codependents
codes
codex
codex's
codfish
codfish's
codfishes
codger
codger's
codgers
codices
codicil
codicil's
codicils
codification
codification's
codifications
codified
codifies
codify
codifying
coding
cods
coed
coed's
coeds
coeducation
coeducation's
coeducational
coefficient
coefficient's
coefficients
coequal
coequal's
coequals
coerce
coerced
coerces
coercing
coercion
coercion's
coercive
coeval
coeval's
coevals
coexist
coexisted
coexistence
coexistence's
coexisting
coexists
coffee
coffee's
coffeecake
coffeecake's
coffeecakes
coffeehouse
coffeehouse's
coffeehouses
coffeepot
coffeepot's
coffeepots
coffees
coffer
coffer's
coffers
coffin
coffin's
coffined
coffining
coffins
cog
cog's
cogency
cogency's
cogent
cogently
cogitate
cogitated
cogitates
cogitating
cogitation
cogitation's
cognac
cognac's
cognacs
cognate
cognate's
cognates
cognition
cognition's
cognitive
cognizance
cognizance's
cognizant
cognomen
cognomen's
cognomens
cognomina
cogs
cogwheel
cogwheel's
cogwheels
cohabit
cohabitation
cohabitation's
cohabited
cohabiting
cohabits
cohere
cohered
coherence
coherence's
coherent
coherently
coheres
cohering
cohesion
cohesion's
cohesive
cohesively
cohesiveness
cohesiveness's
cohort
cohort's
cohorts
coif
coif's
coifed
coiffed
coiffing
coiffure
coiffure's
coiffured
coiffures
coiffuring
coifing
coifs
coil
coil's
coiled
coiling
coils
coin
coin's
coinage
coinage's
coinages
coincide
coincided
coincidence
coincidence's
coincidences
coincident
coincidental
coincidentally
coincides
coinciding
coined
coining
coins
coital
coitus
coitus's
coke
coke's
coked
cokes
coking
cola
cola's
colander
colander's
colanders
colas
cold
cold's
colder
coldest
coldly
coldness
coldness's
colds
coleslaw
coleslaw's
colic
colic's
colicky
coliseum
coliseum's
coliseums
colitis
colitis's
collaborate
collaborated
collaborates
collaborating
collaboration
collaboration's
collaborations
collaborative
collaborator
collaborator's
collaborators
collage
collage's
collages
collapse
collapse's
collapsed
collapses
collapsible
collapsing
collar
collar's
collarbone
collarbone's
collarbones
collared
collaring
collars
collate
collated
collateral
collateral's
collates
collating
collation
collation's
collations
colleague
colleague's
colleagues
collect
collect's
collectable
collectable's
collectables
collected
collectible
collectible's
collectibles
collecting
collection
collection's
collections
collective
collective's
collectively
collectives
collectivism
collectivism's
collectivist
collectivist's
collectivists
collectivize
collectivized
collectivizes
collectivizing
collector
collector's
collectors
collects
colleen
colleen's
colleens
college
college's
colleges
collegian
collegian's
collegians
collegiate
collide
collided
collides
colliding
collie
collie's
collier
collier's
collieries
colliers
colliery
colliery's
collies
collision
collision's
collisions
collocate
collocate's
collocated
collocates
collocating
collocation
collocation's
collocations
colloid
colloid's
colloids
colloquia
colloquial
colloquialism
colloquialism's
colloquialisms
colloquially
colloquies
colloquium
colloquium's
colloquiums
colloquy
colloquy's
collude
colluded
colludes
colluding
collusion
collusion's
collusive
cologne
cologne's
colognes
colon
colon's
colonel
colonel's
colonels
colones
colonial
colonial's
colonialism
colonialism's
colonialist
colonialist's
colonialists
colonials
colonies
colonist
colonist's
colonists
colonization
colonization's
colonize
colonized
colonizer
colonizer's
colonizers
colonizes
colonizing
colonnade
colonnade's
colonnades
colons
colony
colony's
color
color's
coloration
coloration's
coloratura
coloratura's
coloraturas
colorblind
colored
colored's
coloreds
colorfast
colorful
colorfully
coloring
coloring's
colorless
colors
colossal
colossally
colossi
colossus
colossus's
colossuses
cols
colt
colt's
coltish
colts
columbine
columbine's
columbines
column
column's
columned
columnist
columnist's
columnists
columns
coma
coma's
comas
comatose
comb
comb's
combat
combat's
combatant
combatant's
combatants
combated
combating
combative
combats
combatted
combatting
combed
combination
combination's
combinations
combine
combine's
combined
combines
combing
combining
combo
combo's
combos
combs
combustibility
combustibility's
combustible
combustible's
combustibles
combustion
combustion's
come
come's
comeback
comeback's
comebacks
comedian
comedian's
comedians
comedic
comedienne
comedienne's
comediennes
comedies
comedown
comedown's
comedowns
comedy
comedy's
comelier
comeliest
comeliness
comeliness's
comely
comer
comer's
comers
comes
comestible
comestible's
comestibles
comet
comet's
comets
comeuppance
comeuppance's
comeuppances
comfier
comfiest
comfort
comfort's
comfortable
comfortably
comforted
comforter
comforter's
comforters
comforting
comfortingly
comforts
comfy
comic
comic's
comical
comically
comics
coming
coming's
comings
comity
comity's
comma
comma's
command
command's
commandant
commandant's
commandants
commanded
commandeer
commandeered
commandeering
commandeers
commander
commander's
commanders
commanding
commandment
commandment's
commandments
commando
commando's
commandoes
commandos
commands
commas
commemorate
commemorated
commemorates
commemorating
commemoration
commemoration's
commemorations
commemorative
commence
commenced
commencement
commencement's
commencements
commences
commencing
commend
commendable
commendably
commendation
commendation's
commendations
commended
commending
commends
commensurable
commensurate
comment
comment's
commentaries
commentary
commentary's
commentate
commentated
commentates
commentating
commentator
commentator's
commentators
commented
commenting
comments
commerce
commerce's
commercial
commercial's
commercialism
commercialism's
commercialization
commercialization's
commercialize
commercialized
commercializes
commercializing
commercially
commercials
commingle
commingled
commingles
commingling
commiserate
commiserated
commiserates
commiserating
commiseration
commiseration's
commiserations
commissar
commissar's
commissariat
commissariat's
commissariats
commissaries
commissars
commissary
commissary's
commission
commission's
commissioned
commissioner
commissioner's
commissioners
commissioning
commissions
commit
commitment
commitment's
commitments
commits
committal
committal's
committals
committed
committee
committee's
committees
committing
commode
commode's
commodes
commodious
commodities
commodity
commodity's
commodore
commodore's
commodores
common
common's
commoner
commoner's
commoners
commonest
commonly
commonplace
commonplace's
commonplaces
commons
commonwealth
commonwealth's
commonwealths
commotion
commotion's
commotions
communal
communally
commune
commune's
communed
communes
communicable
communicant
communicant's
communicants
communicate
communicated
communicates
communicating
communication
communication's
communications
communicative
communicator
communicator's
communicators
communing
communion
communion's
communions
communique
communique's
communiques
communism
communism's
communist
communist's
communistic
communists
communities
community
community's
commutation
commutation's
commutations
commutative
commute
commute's
commuted
commuter
commuter's
commuters
commutes
commuting
compact
compact's
compacted
compacter
compactest
compacting
compaction
compactly
compactness
compactness's
compactor
compactor's
compactors
compacts
companies
companion
companion's
companionable
companions
companionship
companionship's
companionway
companionway's
companionways
company
company's
comparability
comparability's
comparable
comparably
comparative
comparative's
comparatively
comparatives
compare
compare's
compared
compares
comparing
comparison
comparison's
comparisons
compartment
compartment's
compartmentalize
compartmentalized
compartmentalizes
compartmentalizing
compartments
compass
compass's
compassed
compasses
compassing
compassion
compassion's
compassionate
compassionately
compatibility
compatibility's
compatible
compatible's
compatibles
compatibly
compatriot
compatriot's
compatriots
compel
compelled
compelling
compellingly
compels
compendia
compendium
compendium's
compendiums
compensate
compensated
compensates
compensating
compensation
compensation's
compensations
compensatory
compete
competed
competence
competence's
competences
competencies
competency
competency's
competent
competently
competes
competing
competition
competition's
competitions
competitive
competitively
competitiveness
competitiveness's
competitor
competitor's
competitors
compilation
compilation's
compilations
compile
compiled
compiler
compiler's
compilers
compiles
compiling
complacence
complacence's
complacency
complacency's
complacent
complacently
complain
complainant
complainant's
complainants
complained
complainer
complainer's
complainers
complaining
complains
complaint
complaint's
complaints
complaisance
complaisance's
complaisant
complaisantly
complected
complement
complement's
complementary
complemented
complementing
complements
complete
completed
completely
completeness
completeness's
completer
completes
completest
completing
completion
completion's
complex
complex's
complexes
complexion
complexion's
complexioned
complexions
complexities
complexity
complexity's
compliance
compliance's
compliant
complicate
complicated
complicates
complicating
complication
complication's
complications
complicity
complicity's
complied
complies
compliment
compliment's
complimentary
complimented
complimenting
compliments
comply
complying
component
component's
components
comport
comported
comporting
comportment
comportment's
comports
compose
composed
composer
composer's
composers
composes
composing
composite
composite's
composites
composition
composition's
compositions
compositor
compositor's
compositors
compost
compost's
composted
composting
composts
composure
composure's
compote
compote's
compotes
compound
compound's
compounded
compounding
compounds
comprehend
comprehended
comprehending
comprehends
comprehensibility
comprehensibility's
comprehensible
comprehension
comprehension's
comprehensions
comprehensive
comprehensive's
comprehensively
comprehensiveness
comprehensiveness's
comprehensives
compress
compress's
compressed
compresses
compressing
compression
compression's
compressor
compressor's
compressors
comprise
comprised
comprises
comprising
compromise
compromise's
compromised
compromises
compromising
comptroller
comptroller's
comptrollers
compulsion
compulsion's
compulsions
compulsive
compulsively
compulsiveness
compulsiveness's
compulsories
compulsorily
compulsory
compulsory's
compunction
compunction's
compunctions
computation
computation's
computational
computationally
computations
compute
computed
computer
computer's
computerization
computerization's
computerize
computerized
computerizes
computerizing
computers
computes
computing
computing's
comrade
comrade's
comrades
comradeship
comradeship's
con
con's
concatenate
concatenated
concatenates
concatenating
concatenation
concatenation's
concatenations
concave
concavities
concavity
concavity's
conceal
concealed
concealing
concealment
concealment's
conceals
concede
conceded
concedes
conceding
conceit
conceit's
conceited
conceits
conceivable
conceivably
conceive
conceived
conceives
conceiving
concentrate
concentrate's
concentrated
concentrates
concentrating
concentration
concentration's
concentrations
concentric
concentrically
concept
concept's
conception
conception's
conceptions
concepts
conceptual
conceptualization
conceptualization's
conceptualizations
conceptualize
conceptualized
conceptualizes
conceptualizing
conceptually
concern
concern's
concerned
concerning
concerns
concert
concert's
concerted
concerti
concertina
concertina's
concertinaed
concertinaing
concertinas
concerting
concertmaster
concertmaster's
concertmasters
concerto
concerto's
concertos
concerts
concession
concession's
concessionaire
concessionaire's
concessionaires
concessions
conch
conch's
conches
conchs
concierge
concierge's
concierges
conciliate
conciliated
conciliates
conciliating
conciliation
conciliation's
conciliator
conciliator's
conciliators
conciliatory
concise
concisely
conciseness
conciseness's
conciser
concisest
conclave
conclave's
conclaves
conclude
concluded
concludes
concluding
conclusion
conclusion's
conclusions
conclusive
conclusively
concoct
concocted
concocting
concoction
concoction's
concoctions
concocts
concomitant
concomitant's
concomitants
concord
concord's
concordance
concordance's
concordances
concordant
concourse
concourse's
concourses
concrete
concrete's
concreted
concretely
concretes
concreting
concubine
concubine's
concubines
concur
concurred
concurrence
concurrence's
concurrences
concurrency
concurrent
concurrently
concurring
concurs
concussion
concussion's
concussions
condemn
condemnation
condemnation's
condemnations
condemnatory
condemned
condemning
condemns
condensation
condensation's
condensations
condense
condensed
condenser
condenser's
condensers
condenses
condensing
condescend
condescended
condescending
condescendingly
condescends
condescension
condescension's
condiment
condiment's
condiments
condition
condition's
conditional
conditional's
conditionally
conditionals
conditioned
conditioner
conditioner's
conditioners
conditioning
conditions
condo
condo's
condoes
condole
condoled
condolence
condolence's
condolences
condoles
condoling
condom
condom's
condominium
condominium's
condominiums
condoms
condone
condoned
condones
condoning
condor
condor's
condors
condos
conduce
conduced
conduces
conducing
conducive
conduct
conduct's
conducted
conducting
conduction
conduction's
conductive
conductivity
conductivity's
conductor
conductor's
conductors
conducts
conduit
conduit's
conduits
cone
cone's
cones
confab
confab's
confabbed
confabbing
confabs
confection
confection's
confectioner
confectioner's
confectioneries
confectioners
confectionery
confectionery's
confections
confederacies
confederacy
confederacy's
confederate
confederate's
confederated
confederates
confederating
confederation
confederation's
confederations
confer
conference
conference's
conferences
conferencing
conferment
conferment's
conferments
conferred
conferrer
conferring
confers
confess
confessed
confessedly
confesses
confessing
confession
confession's
confessional
confessional's
confessionals
confessions
confessor
confessor's
confessors
confetti
confetti's
confidant
confidant's
confidante
confidante's
confidantes
confidants
confide
confided
confidence
confidence's
confidences
confident
confidential
confidentiality
confidentiality's
confidentially
confidently
confides
confiding
configurable
configuration
configuration's
configurations
configure
configured
configures
configuring
confine
confine's
confined
confinement
confinement's
confinements
confines
confining
confirm
confirmation
confirmation's
confirmations
confirmatory
confirmed
confirming
confirms
confiscate
confiscated
confiscates
confiscating
confiscation
confiscation's
confiscations
conflagration
conflagration's
conflagrations
conflict
conflict's
conflicted
conflicting
conflicts
confluence
confluence's
confluences
confluent
conform
conformance
conformation
conformation's
conformations
conformed
conforming
conformist
conformist's
conformists
conformity
conformity's
conforms
confound
confounded
confounding
confounds
confront
confrontation
confrontation's
confrontational
confrontations
confronted
confronting
confronts
confrère
confrère's
confrères
confuse
confused
confusedly
confuses
confusing
confusingly
confusion
confusion's
confusions
confute
confuted
confutes
confuting
conga
conga's
congaed
congaing
congas
congeal
congealed
congealing
congeals
congenial
congeniality
congeniality's
congenially
congenital
congenitally
congest
congested
congesting
congestion
congestion's
congestive
congests
conglomerate
conglomerate's
conglomerated
conglomerates
conglomerating
conglomeration
conglomeration's
conglomerations
congratulate
congratulated
congratulates
congratulating
congratulation
congratulation's
congratulations
congratulatory
congregate
congregated
congregates
congregating
congregation
congregation's
congregational
congregations
congress
congress's
congresses
congressional
congressman
congressman's
congressmen
congresswoman
congresswoman's
congresswomen
congruence
congruence's
congruent
congruities
congruity
congruity's
congruous
conic
conic's
conical
conics
conifer
conifer's
coniferous
conifers
conjectural
conjecture
conjecture's
conjectured
conjectures
conjecturing
conjoin
conjoined
conjoining
conjoins
conjoint
conjugal
conjugate
conjugated
conjugates
conjugating
conjugation
conjugation's
conjugations
conjunction
conjunction's
conjunctions
conjunctive
conjunctive's
conjunctives
conjunctivitis
conjunctivitis's
conjuncture
conjuncture's
conjunctures
conjure
conjured
conjurer
conjurer's
conjurers
conjures
conjuring
conjuror
conjuror's
conjurors
conk
conk's
conked
conking
conks
connect
connected
connecter
connecter's
connecters
connecting
connection
connection's
connections
connective
connective's
connectives
connectivity
connector
connector's
connectors
connects
conned
conning
connivance
connivance's
connive
connived
conniver
conniver's
connivers
connives
conniving
connoisseur
connoisseur's
connoisseurs
connotation
connotation's
connotations
connotative
connote
connoted
connotes
connoting
connubial
conquer
conquered
conquering
conqueror
conqueror's
conquerors
conquers
conquest
conquest's
conquests
conquistador
conquistador's
conquistadores
conquistadors
cons
consanguinity
consanguinity's
conscience
conscience's
consciences
conscientious
conscientiously
conscientiousness
conscientiousness's
conscious
consciously
consciousness
consciousness's
consciousnesses
conscript
conscript's
conscripted
conscripting
conscription
conscription's
conscripts
consecrate
consecrated
consecrates
consecrating
consecration
consecration's
consecrations
consecutive
consecutively
consensual
consensus
consensus's
consensuses
consent
consent's
consented
consenting
consents
consequence
consequence's
consequences
consequent
consequential
consequently
conservation
conservation's
conservationist
conservationist's
conservationists
conservatism
conservatism's
conservative
conservative's
conservatively
conservatives
conservator
conservator's
conservatories
conservators
conservatory
conservatory's
conserve
conserve's
conserved
conserves
conserving
consider
considerable
considerably
considerate
considerately
consideration
consideration's
considerations
considered
considering
considers
consign
consigned
consigning
consignment
consignment's
consignments
consigns
consist
consisted
consistencies
consistency
consistency's
consistent
consistently
consisting
consists
consolation
consolation's
consolations
console
console's
consoled
consoles
consolidate
consolidated
consolidates
consolidating
consolidation
consolidation's
consolidations
consoling
consommé
consommé's
consonance
consonance's
consonances
consonant
consonant's
consonants
consort
consort's
consorted
consortia
consorting
consortium
consortium's
consortiums
consorts
conspicuous
conspicuously
conspiracies
conspiracy
conspiracy's
conspirator
conspirator's
conspiratorial
conspirators
conspire
conspired
conspires
conspiring
constable
constable's
constables
constabularies
constabulary
constabulary's
constancy
constancy's
constant
constant's
constantly
constants
constellation
constellation's
constellations
consternation
consternation's
constipate
constipated
constipates
constipating
constipation
constipation's
constituencies
constituency
constituency's
constituent
constituent's
constituents
constitute
constituted
constitutes
constituting
constitution
constitution's
constitutional
constitutional's
constitutionality
constitutionality's
constitutionally
constitutionals
constitutions
constrain
constrained
constraining
constrains
constraint
constraint's
constraints
constrict
constricted
constricting
constriction
constriction's
constrictions
constrictive
constrictor
constrictor's
constrictors
constricts
construct
construct's
constructed
constructing
construction
construction's
constructions
constructive
constructively
constructor
constructor's
constructors
constructs
construe
construed
construes
construing
consul
consul's
consular
consulate
consulate's
consulates
consuls
consult
consultancies
consultancy
consultancy's
consultant
consultant's
consultants
consultation
consultation's
consultations
consultative
consulted
consulting
consults
consumable
consumable's
consumables
consume
consumed
consumer
consumer's
consumerism
consumerism's
consumers
consumes
consuming
consummate
consummated
consummates
consummating
consummation
consummation's
consummations
consumption
consumption's
consumptive
consumptive's
consumptives
contact
contact's
contactable
contacted
contacting
contacts
contagion
contagion's
contagions
contagious
contain
contained
container
container's
containers
containing
containment
containment's
contains
contaminant
contaminant's
contaminants
contaminate
contaminated
contaminates
contaminating
contamination
contamination's
contemplate
contemplated
contemplates
contemplating
contemplation
contemplation's
contemplative
contemplative's
contemplatives
contemporaneous
contemporaneously
contemporaries
contemporary
contemporary's
contempt
contempt's
contemptible
contemptibly
contemptuous
contemptuously
contend
contended
contender
contender's
contenders
contending
contends
content
content's
contented
contentedly
contentedness
contentedness's
contenting
contention
contention's
contentions
contentious
contentiously
contentment
contentment's
contents
contest
contest's
contestant
contestant's
contestants
contested
contesting
contests
context
context's
contexts
contextual
contiguity
contiguity's
contiguous
continence
continence's
continent
continent's
continental
continental's
continentals
continents
contingencies
contingency
contingency's
contingent
contingent's
contingents
continua
continual
continually
continuance
continuance's
continuances
continuation
continuation's
continuations
continue
continued
continues
continuing
continuity
continuity's
continuous
continuously
continuum
continuum's
continuums
contort
contorted
contorting
contortion
contortion's
contortionist
contortionist's
contortionists
contortions
contorts
contour
contour's
contoured
contouring
contours
contraband
contraband's
contraception
contraception's
contraceptive
contraceptive's
contraceptives
contract
contract's
contracted
contractile
contracting
contraction
contraction's
contractions
contractor
contractor's
contractors
contracts
contractual
contractually
contradict
contradicted
contradicting
contradiction
contradiction's
contradictions
contradictory
contradicts
contradistinction
contradistinction's
contradistinctions
contrail
contrail's
contrails
contralto
contralto's
contraltos
contraption
contraption's
contraptions
contrapuntal
contraries
contrarily
contrariness
contrariness's
contrariwise
contrary
contrary's
contrast
contrast's
contrasted
contrasting
contrasts
contravene
contravened
contravenes
contravening
contravention
contravention's
contraventions
contretemps
contretemps's
contribute
contributed
contributes
contributing
contribution
contribution's
contributions
contributor
contributor's
contributors
contributory
contrite
contritely
contrition
contrition's
contrivance
contrivance's
contrivances
contrive
contrived
contrives
contriving
control
control's
controllable
controlled
controller
controller's
controllers
controlling
controls
controversial
controversially
controversies
controversy
controversy's
controvert
controverted
controverting
controverts
contumacious
contumelies
contumely
contumely's
contuse
contused
contuses
contusing
contusion
contusion's
contusions
conundrum
conundrum's
conundrums
conurbation
conurbation's
conurbations
convalesce
convalesced
convalescence
convalescence's
convalescences
convalescent
convalescent's
convalescents
convalesces
convalescing
convection
convection's
convene
convened
convenes
convenience
convenience's
conveniences
convenient
conveniently
convening
convent
convent's
convention
convention's
conventional
conventionality
conventionality's
conventionally
conventions
convents
converge
converged
convergence
convergence's
convergences
convergent
converges
converging
conversant
conversation
conversation's
conversational
conversationalist
conversationalist's
conversationalists
conversationally
conversations
converse
converse's
conversed
conversely
converses
conversing
conversion
conversion's
conversions
convert
convert's
converted
converter
converter's
converters
convertible
convertible's
convertibles
converting
convertor
convertor's
convertors
converts
convex
convexity
convexity's
convey
conveyance
conveyance's
conveyances
conveyed
conveyer
conveyer's
conveyers
conveying
conveyor
conveyor's
conveyors
conveys
convict
convict's
convicted
convicting
conviction
conviction's
convictions
convicts
convince
convinced
convinces
convincing
convincingly
convivial
conviviality
conviviality's
convocation
convocation's
convocations
convoke
convoked
convokes
convoking
convoluted
convolution
convolution's
convolutions
convoy
convoy's
convoyed
convoying
convoys
convulse
convulsed
convulses
convulsing
convulsion
convulsion's
convulsions
convulsive
convulsively
coo
coo's
cooed
cooing
cook
cook's
cookbook
cookbook's
cookbooks
cooked
cooker
cooker's
cookeries
cookers
cookery
cookery's
cookie
cookie's
cookies
cooking
cooking's
cookout
cookout's
cookouts
cooks
cooky
cooky's
cool
cool's
coolant
coolant's
coolants
cooled
cooler
cooler's
coolers
coolest
coolie
coolie's
coolies
cooling
coolly
coolness
coolness's
cools
coon
coon's
coons
coop
coop's
cooped
cooper
cooper's
cooperate
cooperated
cooperates
cooperating
cooperation
cooperation's
cooperative
cooperative's
cooperatively
cooperatives
coopered
coopering
coopers
cooping
coops
coordinate
coordinate's
coordinated
coordinates
coordinating
coordination
coordination's
coordinator
coordinator's
coordinators
coos
coot
coot's
cootie
cootie's
cooties
coots
cop
cop's
cope
cope's
copeck
copeck's
copecks
coped
copes
copied
copier
copier's
copiers
copies
copilot
copilot's
copilots
coping
coping's
copings
copious
copiously
copped
copper
copper's
copperhead
copperhead's
copperheads
coppers
coppery
coppice
coppice's
coppices
copping
copra
copra's
cops
copse
copse's
copses
copter
copter's
copters
copula
copula's
copulae
copulas
copulate
copulated
copulates
copulating
copulation
copulation's
copy
copy's
copycat
copycat's
copycats
copycatted
copycatting
copying
copyright
copyright's
copyrighted
copyrighting
copyrights
copywriter
copywriter's
copywriters
coquette
coquette's
coquetted
coquettes
coquetting
coquettish
coral
coral's
corals
cord
cord's
corded
cordial
cordial's
cordiality
cordiality's
cordially
cordials
cording
cordite
cordite's
cordless
cordon
cordon's
cordoned
cordoning
cordons
cords
corduroy
corduroy's
corduroys
corduroys's
core
core's
cored
cores
corespondent
corespondent's
corespondents
coriander
coriander's
coring
cork
cork's
corked
corking
corks
corkscrew
corkscrew's
corkscrewed
corkscrewing
corkscrews
corm
corm's
cormorant
cormorant's
cormorants
corms
corn
corn's
cornball
cornball's
cornballs
cornbread
cornbread's
corncob
corncob's
corncobs
cornea
cornea's
corneal
corneas
corned
corner
corner's
cornered
cornering
corners
cornerstone
cornerstone's
cornerstones
cornet
cornet's
cornets
cornflakes
cornflakes's
cornflower
cornflower's
cornflowers
cornice
cornice's
cornices
cornier
corniest
corning
cornmeal
cornmeal's
cornrow
cornrow's
cornrowed
cornrowing
cornrows
corns
cornstalk
cornstalk's
cornstalks
cornstarch
cornstarch's
cornucopia
cornucopia's
cornucopias
corny
corolla
corolla's
corollaries
corollary
corollary's
corollas
corona
corona's
coronae
coronaries
coronary
coronary's
coronas
coronation
coronation's
coronations
coroner
coroner's
coroners
coronet
coronet's
coronets
corpora
corporal
corporal's
corporals
corporate
corporation
corporation's
corporations
corporeal
corps
corps's
corpse
corpse's
corpses
corpulence
corpulence's
corpulent
corpus
corpus's
corpuscle
corpuscle's
corpuscles
corpuses
corral
corral's
corralled
corralling
corrals
correct
correctable
corrected
correcter
correctest
correcting
correction
correction's
correctional
corrections
corrective
corrective's
correctives
correctly
correctness
correctness's
corrector
corrects
correlate
correlate's
correlated
correlates
correlating
correlation
correlation's
correlations
correlative
correlative's
correlatives
correspond
corresponded
correspondence
correspondence's
correspondences
correspondent
correspondent's
correspondents
corresponding
correspondingly
corresponds
corridor
corridor's
corridors
corroborate
corroborated
corroborates
corroborating
corroboration
corroboration's
corroborations
corroborative
corrode
corroded
corrodes
corroding
corrosion
corrosion's
corrosive
corrosive's
corrosives
corrugate
corrugated
corrugates
corrugating
corrugation
corrugation's
corrugations
corrupt
corrupted
corrupter
corruptest
corruptible
corrupting
corruption
corruption's
corruptions
corruptly
corruptness
corruptness's
corrupts
corsage
corsage's
corsages
corsair
corsair's
corsairs
corset
corset's
corseted
corseting
corsets
cortex
cortex's
cortexes
cortical
cortices
cortisone
cortisone's
cortège
cortège's
cortèges
coruscate
coruscated
coruscates
coruscating
cosier
cosies
cosiest
cosign
cosignatories
cosignatory
cosignatory's
cosigned
cosigner
cosigner's
cosigners
cosigning
cosigns
cosine
cosmetic
cosmetic's
cosmetically
cosmetics
cosmetologist
cosmetologist's
cosmetologists
cosmetology
cosmetology's
cosmic
cosmically
cosmogonies
cosmogony
cosmogony's
cosmological
cosmologies
cosmologist
cosmologist's
cosmologists
cosmology
cosmology's
cosmonaut
cosmonaut's
cosmonauts
cosmopolitan
cosmopolitan's
cosmopolitans
cosmos
cosmos's
cosmoses
cosponsor
cosponsor's
cosponsored
cosponsoring
cosponsors
cost
cost's
costar
costar's
costarred
costarring
costars
costed
costing
costings
costlier
costliest
costliness
costliness's
costly
costs
costume
costume's
costumed
costumes
costuming
cosy
cosy's
cot
cot's
cote
cote's
coterie
coterie's
coteries
cotes
cotillion
cotillion's
cotillions
cots
cottage
cottage's
cottages
cotter
cotter's
cotters
cotton
cotton's
cottoned
cottoning
cottonmouth
cottonmouth's
cottonmouths
cottons
cottonseed
cottonseed's
cottonseeds
cottontail
cottontail's
cottontails
cottonwood
cottonwood's
cottonwoods
cotyledon
cotyledon's
cotyledons
couch
couch's
couched
couches
couching
cougar
cougar's
cougars
cough
cough's
coughed
coughing
coughs
could
couldn't
council
council's
councillor
councillor's
councillors
councilman
councilman's
councilmen
councilor
councilor's
councilors
councils
councilwoman
councilwoman's
councilwomen
counsel
counsel's
counseled
counseling
counselings
counselled
counsellor
counsellor's
counsellors
counselor
counselor's
counselors
counsels
count
count's
countable
countably
countdown
countdown's
countdowns
counted
countenance
countenance's
countenanced
countenances
countenancing
counter
counter's
counteract
counteracted
counteracting
counteraction
counteraction's
counteractions
counteracts
counterattack
counterattack's
counterattacked
counterattacking
counterattacks
counterbalance
counterbalance's
counterbalanced
counterbalances
counterbalancing
counterclaim
counterclaim's
counterclaimed
counterclaiming
counterclaims
counterclockwise
counterculture
counterculture's
countered
counterespionage
counterespionage's
counterexample
counterexamples
counterfeit
counterfeit's
counterfeited
counterfeiter
counterfeiter's
counterfeiters
counterfeiting
counterfeits
countering
counterintelligence
counterintelligence's
countermand
countermand's
countermanded
countermanding
countermands
counteroffer
counteroffer's
counteroffers
counterpane
counterpane's
counterpanes
counterpart
counterpart's
counterparts
counterpoint
counterpoint's
counterpoints
counterproductive
counterrevolution
counterrevolution's
counterrevolutionaries
counterrevolutionary
counterrevolutionary's
counterrevolutions
counters
countersank
countersign
countersign's
countersigned
countersigning
countersigns
countersink
countersink's
countersinking
countersinks
countersunk
countertenor
countertenor's
countertenors
counterweight
counterweight's
counterweights
countess
countess's
countesses
counties
counting
countless
countries
countrified
country
country's
countryman
countryman's
countrymen
countryside
countryside's
countrysides
countrywoman
countrywoman's
countrywomen
counts
county
county's
coup
coup's
coupe
coupe's
coupes
couple
couple's
coupled
couples
couplet
couplet's
couplets
coupling
coupling's
couplings
coupon
coupon's
coupons
coups
courage
courage's
courageous
courageously
courier
courier's
couriers
course
course's
coursed
courser
courses
coursing
court
court's
courted
courteous
courteously
courteousness
courteousness's
courtesan
courtesan's
courtesans
courtesies
courtesy
courtesy's
courthouse
courthouse's
courthouses
courtier
courtier's
courtiers
courting
courtlier
courtliest
courtliness
courtliness's
courtly
courtroom
courtroom's
courtrooms
courts
courtship
courtship's
courtships
courtyard
courtyard's
courtyards
cousin
cousin's
cousins
cove
cove's
coven
coven's
covenant
covenant's
covenanted
covenanting
covenants
covens
cover
cover's
coverage
coverage's
coverall
coverall's
coveralls
covered
covering
covering's
coverings
coverlet
coverlet's
coverlets
covers
covert
covert's
covertly
coverts
coves
covet
coveted
coveting
covetous
covetously
covetousness
covetousness's
covets
covey
covey's
coveys
cow
cow's
coward
coward's
cowardice
cowardice's
cowardliness
cowardliness's
cowardly
cowards
cowbird
cowbird's
cowbirds
cowboy
cowboy's
cowboys
cowed
cower
cowered
cowering
cowers
cowgirl
cowgirl's
cowgirls
cowhand
cowhand's
cowhands
cowhide
cowhide's
cowhides
cowing
cowl
cowl's
cowlick
cowlick's
cowlicks
cowling
cowling's
cowlings
cowls
coworker
coworker's
coworkers
cowpoke
cowpoke's
cowpokes
cowpox
cowpox's
cowpuncher
cowpuncher's
cowpunchers
cows
cowslip
cowslip's
cowslips
cox
coxcomb
coxcomb's
coxcombs
coxswain
coxswain's
coxswains
coy
coyer
coyest
coyly
coyness
coyness's
coyote
coyote's
coyotes
cozen
cozened
cozening
cozens
cozier
cozies
coziest
cozily
coziness
coziness's
cozy
cozy's
crab
crab's
crabbed
crabbier
crabbiest
crabbily
crabbiness
crabbiness's
crabbing
crabby
crabs
crack
crack's
crackdown
crackdown's
crackdowns
cracked
cracker
cracker's
crackerjack
crackerjack's
crackerjacks
crackers
cracking
crackle
crackle's
crackled
crackles
cracklier
crackliest
crackling
crackly
crackpot
crackpot's
crackpots
cracks
crackup
crackup's
crackups
cradle
cradle's
cradled
cradles
cradling
craft
craft's
crafted
craftier
craftiest
craftily
craftiness
craftiness's
crafting
crafts
craftsman
craftsman's
craftsmanship
craftsmanship's
craftsmen
crafty
crag
crag's
craggier
craggiest
craggy
crags
cram
crammed
cramming
cramp
cramp's
cramped
cramping
cramps
crams
cranberries
cranberry
cranberry's
crane
crane's
craned
cranes
crania
cranial
craning
cranium
cranium's
craniums
crank
crank's
crankcase
crankcase's
crankcases
cranked
crankier
crankiest
crankiness
crankiness's
cranking
cranks
crankshaft
crankshaft's
crankshafts
cranky
crannies
cranny
cranny's
crap
crap's
crape
crape's
crapes
crapped
crappier
crappiest
crapping
crappy
craps
craps's
crash
crash's
crashed
crashes
crashing
crass
crasser
crassest
crassly
crassness
crassness's
crate
crate's
crated
crater
crater's
cratered
cratering
craters
crates
crating
cravat
cravat's
cravats
crave
craved
craven
craven's
cravenly
cravens
craves
craving
craving's
cravings
craw
craw's
crawfish
crawfish's
crawfishes
crawl
crawl's
crawled
crawling
crawls
crawlspace
crawlspace's
crawlspaces
craws
crayfish
crayfish's
crayfishes
crayon
crayon's
crayoned
crayoning
crayons
craze
craze's
crazed
crazes
crazier
crazies
craziest
crazily
craziness
craziness's
crazing
crazy
crazy's
creak
creak's
creaked
creakier
creakiest
creaking
creaks
creaky
cream
cream's
creamed
creamer
creamer's
creameries
creamers
creamery
creamery's
creamier
creamiest
creaminess
creaminess's
creaming
creams
creamy
crease
crease's
creased
creases
creasing
create
created
creates
creating
creation
creation's
creationism
creationism's
creations
creative
creative's
creatively
creativeness
creativeness's
creatives
creativity
creativity's
creator
creator's
creators
creature
creature's
creatures
credence
credence's
credential
credential's
credentials
credenza
credenza's
credenzas
credibility
credibility's
credible
credibly
credit
credit's
creditable
creditably
credited
crediting
creditor
creditor's
creditors
credits
credo
credo's
credos
credulity
credulity's
credulous
credulously
creed
creed's
creeds
creek
creek's
creeks
creel
creel's
creels
creep
creep's
creeper
creeper's
creepers
creepier
creepiest
creepily
creepiness
creepiness's
creeping
creeps
creepy
cremate
cremated
cremates
cremating
cremation
cremation's
cremations
crematoria
crematories
crematorium
crematorium's
crematoriums
crematory
crematory's
creole
creole's
creoles
creosote
creosote's
creosoted
creosotes
creosoting
crepe
crepe's
crepes
crept
crescendi
crescendo
crescendo's
crescendos
crescent
crescent's
crescents
cress
cress's
crest
crest's
crested
crestfallen
cresting
crests
cretin
cretin's
cretinous
cretins
crevasse
crevasse's
crevasses
crevice
crevice's
crevices
crew
crew's
crewed
crewing
crewman
crewman's
crewmen
crews
crib
crib's
cribbage
cribbage's
cribbed
cribbing
cribs
crick
crick's
cricked
cricket
cricket's
cricketer
cricketer's
cricketers
crickets
cricking
cricks
cried
crier
crier's
criers
cries
crime
crime's
crimes
criminal
criminal's
criminally
criminals
criminologist
criminologist's
criminologists
criminology
criminology's
crimp
crimp's
crimped
crimping
crimps
crimson
crimson's
crimsoned
crimsoning
crimsons
cringe
cringe's
cringed
cringes
cringing
crinkle
crinkle's
crinkled
crinkles
crinklier
crinkliest
crinkling
crinkly
crinoline
crinoline's
crinolines
cripple
cripple's
crippled
cripples
crippling
crises
crisis
crisis's
crisp
crisp's
crisped
crisper
crispest
crispier
crispiest
crisping
crisply
crispness
crispness's
crisps
crispy
crisscross
crisscross's
crisscrossed
crisscrosses
crisscrossing
criteria
criterion
criterion's
criterions
critic
critic's
critical
critically
criticism
criticism's
criticisms
criticize
criticized
criticizes
criticizing
critics
critique
critique's
critiqued
critiques
critiquing
critter
critter's
critters
croak
croak's
croaked
croaking
croaks
crochet
crochet's
crocheted
crocheting
crochets
croci
crock
crock's
crocked
crockery
crockery's
crocks
crocodile
crocodile's
crocodiles
crocus
crocus's
crocuses
crofts
croissant
croissant's
croissants
crone
crone's
crones
cronies
crony
crony's
crook
crook's
crooked
crookeder
crookedest
crookedly
crookedness
crookedness's
crooking
crooks
croon
croon's
crooned
crooner
crooner's
crooners
crooning
croons
crop
crop's
cropped
cropper
cropper's
croppers
cropping
crops
croquet
croquet's
croquette
croquette's
croquettes
crosier
crosier's
crosiers
cross
cross's
crossbar
crossbar's
crossbars
crossbeam
crossbeam's
crossbeams
crossbones
crossbones's
crossbow
crossbow's
crossbows
crossbred
crossbreed
crossbreed's
crossbreeding
crossbreeds
crosscheck
crosscheck's
crosschecked
crosschecking
crosschecks
crossed
crosser
crosses
crossest
crossfire
crossfire's
crossfires
crossing
crossing's
crossings
crossly
crossness
crossness's
crossover
crossover's
crossovers
crosspiece
crosspiece's
crosspieces
crossroad
crossroad's
crossroads
crossroads's
crosstown
crosswalk
crosswalk's
crosswalks
crossways
crosswise
crossword
crossword's
crosswords
crotch
crotch's
crotches
crotchet
crotchet's
crotchets
crotchety
crouch
crouch's
crouched
crouches
crouching
croup
croup's
croupier
croupier's
croupiers
croupiest
croupy
crow
crow's
crowbar
crowbar's
crowbars
crowd
crowd's
crowded
crowding
crowds
crowed
crowing
crown
crown's
crowned
crowning
crowns
crows
crozier
crozier's
croziers
croûton
croûton's
croûtons
crucial
crucially
crucible
crucible's
crucibles
crucified
crucifies
crucifix
crucifix's
crucifixes
crucifixion
crucifixion's
crucifixions
cruciform
cruciform's
cruciforms
crucify
crucifying
crud
crud's
cruddier
cruddiest
cruddy
crude
crude's
crudely
crudeness
crudeness's
cruder
crudest
crudities
crudity
crudity's
crudités
crudités's
cruel
crueler
cruelest
crueller
cruellest
cruelly
cruelties
cruelty
cruelty's
cruet
cruet's
cruets
cruise
cruise's
cruised
cruiser
cruiser's
cruisers
cruises
cruising
cruller
cruller's
crullers
crumb
crumb's
crumbed
crumbier
crumbiest
crumbing
crumble
crumble's
crumbled
crumbles
crumblier
crumbliest
crumbling
crumbly
crumbs
crumby
crummier
crummiest
crummy
crumpet
crumpet's
crumpets
crumple
crumple's
crumpled
crumples
crumpling
crunch
crunch's
crunched
cruncher
crunches
crunchier
crunchiest
crunching
crunchy
crusade
crusade's
crusaded
crusader
crusader's
crusaders
crusades
crusading
crush
crush's
crushed
crushes
crushing
crust
crust's
crustacean
crustacean's
crustaceans
crusted
crustier
crustiest
crusting
crusts
crusty
crutch
crutch's
crutches
crux
crux's
cruxes
cry
cry's
crybabies
crybaby
crybaby's
crying
cryings
cryogenics
cryogenics's
crypt
crypt's
cryptic
cryptically
cryptogram
cryptogram's
cryptograms
cryptographer
cryptographer's
cryptographers
cryptography
cryptography's
crypts
crystal
crystal's
crystalize
crystalized
crystalizes
crystalizing
crystalline
crystallization
crystallization's
crystallize
crystallized
crystallizes
crystallizing
crystallographic
crystallography
crystals
crèche
crèche's
crèches
cs
cub
cub's
cubbyhole
cubbyhole's
cubbyholes
cube
cube's
cubed
cubes
cubic
cubical
cubicle
cubicle's
cubicles
cubing
cubism
cubism's
cubist
cubist's
cubists
cubit
cubit's
cubits
cubs
cuckold
cuckold's
cuckolded
cuckolding
cuckolds
cuckoo
cuckoo's
cuckoos
cucumber
cucumber's
cucumbers
cud
cud's
cuddle
cuddle's
cuddled
cuddles
cuddlier
cuddliest
cuddling
cuddly
cudgel
cudgel's
cudgeled
cudgeling
cudgelled
cudgelling
cudgels
cuds
cue
cue's
cued
cueing
cues
cuff
cuff's
cuffed
cuffing
cuffs
cuing
cuisine
cuisine's
cuisines
culinary
cull
cull's
culled
cullender
cullender's
cullenders
culling
culls
culminate
culminated
culminates
culminating
culmination
culmination's
culminations
culotte
culotte's
culottes
culpability
culpability's
culpable
culprit
culprit's
culprits
cult
cult's
cultivate
cultivated
cultivates
cultivating
cultivation
cultivation's
cultivator
cultivator's
cultivators
cults
cultural
culturally
culture
culture's
cultured
cultures
culturing
culvert
culvert's
culverts
cumbersome
cumin
cumin's
cummerbund
cummerbund's
cummerbunds
cumming
cumquat
cumquat's
cumquats
cums
cumulative
cumulatively
cumuli
cumulus
cumulus's
cuneiform
cuneiform's
cunnilingus
cunnilingus's
cunning
cunning's
cunninger
cunningest
cunningly
cunt
cunt's
cunts
cup
cup's
cupboard
cupboard's
cupboards
cupcake
cupcake's
cupcakes
cupful
cupful's
cupfuls
cupidity
cupidity's
cupola
cupola's
cupolas
cupped
cupping
cups
cupsful
cur
cur's
curable
curacies
curacy
curacy's
curate
curate's
curates
curative
curative's
curatives
curator
curator's
curators
curb
curb's
curbed
curbing
curbs
curd
curd's
curdle
curdled
curdles
curdling
curds
cure
cure's
cured
curer
cures
curfew
curfew's
curfews
curie
curie's
curies
curing
curio
curio's
curios
curiosities
curiosity
curiosity's
curious
curiously
curl
curl's
curled
curler
curler's
curlers
curlew
curlew's
curlews
curlicue
curlicue's
curlicued
curlicues
curlicuing
curlier
curliest
curliness
curliness's
curling
curls
curly
curlycue
curlycue's
curlycues
curmudgeon
curmudgeon's
curmudgeons
currant
currant's
currants
currencies
currency
currency's
current
current's
currently
currents
curricula
curriculum
curriculum's
curriculums
curried
curries
curry
curry's
currycomb
currycomb's
currycombed
currycombing
currycombs
currying
curs
curse
curse's
cursed
curses
cursing
cursive
cursive's
cursor
cursor's
cursorily
cursors
cursory
curst
curt
curtail
curtailed
curtailing
curtailment
curtailment's
curtailments
curtails
curtain
curtain's
curtained
curtaining
curtains
curter
curtest
curtly
curtness
curtness's
curtsey
curtsey's
curtseyed
curtseying
curtseys
curtsied
curtsies
curtsy
curtsy's
curtsying
curvaceous
curvacious
curvature
curvature's
curvatures
curve
curve's
curved
curves
curvier
curviest
curving
curvy
cushier
cushiest
cushion
cushion's
cushioned
cushioning
cushions
cushy
cusp
cusp's
cuspid
cuspid's
cuspids
cusps
cuss
cuss's
cussed
cusses
cussing
custard
custard's
custards
custodial
custodian
custodian's
custodians
custody
custody's
custom
custom's
customarily
customary
customer
customer's
customers
customization
customize
customized
customizes
customizing
customs
cut
cut's
cutback
cutback's
cutbacks
cute
cutely
cuteness
cuteness's
cuter
cutesier
cutesiest
cutest
cutesy
cuticle
cuticle's
cuticles
cutlass
cutlass's
cutlasses
cutlery
cutlery's
cutlet
cutlet's
cutlets
cutoff
cutoff's
cutoffs
cuts
cutter
cutter's
cutters
cutthroat
cutthroat's
cutthroats
cutting
cutting's
cuttings
cuttlefish
cuttlefish's
cuttlefishes
cutup
cutup's
cutups
cyanide
cyanide's
cybernetic
cybernetics
cybernetics's
cyberpunk
cyberpunk's
cyberpunks
cyberspace
cyberspace's
cyclamen
cyclamen's
cyclamens
cycle
cycle's
cycled
cycles
cyclic
cyclical
cyclically
cycling
cyclist
cyclist's
cyclists
cyclone
cyclone's
cyclones
cyclonic
cyclotron
cyclotron's
cyclotrons
cygnet
cygnet's
cygnets
cylinder
cylinder's
cylinders
cylindrical
cymbal
cymbal's
cymbals
cynic
cynic's
cynical
cynically
cynicism
cynicism's
cynics
cynosure
cynosure's
cynosures
cypher
cypher's
cypress
cypress's
cypresses
cyst
cyst's
cystic
cysts
cytology
cytology's
cytoplasm
cytoplasm's
czar
czar's
czarina
czarina's
czarinas
czars
d
d'Arezzo
d'Estaing
dB
dab
dab's
dabbed
dabbing
dabble
dabbled
dabbler
dabbler's
dabblers
dabbles
dabbling
dabs
dacha
dacha's
dachas
dachshund
dachshund's
dachshunds
dactyl
dactyl's
dactylic
dactylic's
dactylics
dactyls
dad
dad's
daddies
daddy
daddy's
dado
dado's
dadoes
dados
dads
daemon
daemon's
daemons
daffier
daffiest
daffodil
daffodil's
daffodils
daffy
daft
dafter
daftest
dagger
dagger's
daggers
daguerreotype
daguerreotype's
daguerreotyped
daguerreotypes
daguerreotyping
dahlia
dahlia's
dahlias
dailies
daily
daily's
daintier
dainties
daintiest
daintily
daintiness
daintiness's
dainty
dainty's
daiquiri
daiquiri's
daiquiris
dairies
dairy
dairy's
dairying
dairying's
dairymaid
dairymaid's
dairymaids
dairyman
dairyman's
dairymen
dais
dais's
daises
daisies
daisy
daisy's
dale
dale's
dales
dalliance
dalliance's
dalliances
dallied
dallies
dally
dallying
dalmatian
dalmatian's
dalmatians
dam
dam's
damage
damage's
damaged
damages
damages's
damaging
damask
damask's
damasked
damasking
damasks
dame
dame's
dames
dammed
damming
damn
damn's
damnable
damnably
damnation
damnation's
damndest
damned
damnedest
damning
damns
damp
damp's
damped
dampen
dampened
dampening
dampens
damper
damper's
dampers
dampest
damping
damply
dampness
dampness's
damps
dams
damsel
damsel's
damsels
damson
damson's
damsons
dance
dance's
danced
dancer
dancer's
dancers
dances
dancing
dancing's
dandelion
dandelion's
dandelions
dander
dander's
dandier
dandies
dandiest
dandle
dandled
dandles
dandling
dandruff
dandruff's
dandy
dandy's
danger
danger's
dangerous
dangerously
dangers
dangle
dangled
dangles
dangling
dank
danker
dankest
dankly
dankness
dankness's
dapper
dapperer
dapperest
dapple
dapple's
dappled
dapples
dappling
dare
dare's
dared
daredevil
daredevil's
daredevils
dares
daring
daring's
daringly
dark
dark's
darken
darkened
darkening
darkens
darker
darkest
darkly
darkness
darkness's
darkroom
darkroom's
darkrooms
darling
darling's
darlings
darn
darn's
darned
darneder
darnedest
darning
darns
dart
dart's
dartboard
dartboard's
dartboards
darted
darting
darts
dash
dash's
dashboard
dashboard's
dashboards
dashed
dashes
dashiki
dashiki's
dashikis
dashing
dashingly
dastardly
data
database
database's
databases
date
date's
dated
dateline
dateline's
datelined
datelines
datelining
dates
dating
dative
dative's
datives
datum
datum's
daub
daub's
daubed
dauber
dauber's
daubers
daubing
daubs
daughter
daughter's
daughters
daunt
daunted
daunting
dauntless
dauntlessly
dauntlessness
dauntlessness's
daunts
dauphin
dauphin's
dauphins
davenport
davenport's
davenports
davit
davit's
davits
dawdle
dawdled
dawdler
dawdler's
dawdlers
dawdles
dawdling
dawn
dawn's
dawned
dawning
dawns
day
day's
daybed
daybed's
daybeds
daybreak
daybreak's
daydream
daydream's
daydreamed
daydreamer
daydreamer's
daydreamers
daydreaming
daydreams
daydreamt
daylight
daylight's
daylights
days
daytime
daytime's
daze
daze's
dazed
dazes
dazing
dazzle
dazzle's
dazzled
dazzles
dazzling
deacon
deacon's
deaconess
deaconess's
deaconesses
deacons
deactivate
deactivated
deactivates
deactivating
dead
dead's
deadbeat
deadbeat's
deadbeats
deadbolt
deadbolt's
deadbolts
deaden
deadened
deadening
deadens
deader
deadest
deadlier
deadliest
deadline
deadline's
deadlines
deadliness
deadliness's
deadlock
deadlock's
deadlocked
deadlocking
deadlocks
deadly
deadpan
deadpan's
deadpanned
deadpanning
deadpans
deadwood
deadwood's
deaf
deafen
deafened
deafening
deafens
deafer
deafest
deafness
deafness's
deal
deal's
dealer
dealer's
dealers
dealership
dealership's
dealerships
dealing
dealing's
dealings
deals
dealt
dean
dean's
deans
dear
dear's
dearer
dearest
dearly
dearness
dearness's
dears
dearth
dearth's
dearths
death
death's
deathbed
deathbed's
deathbeds
deathblow
deathblow's
deathblows
deathless
deathlike
deathly
deaths
deathtrap
deathtrap's
deathtraps
deaves
deb
deb's
debacle
debacle's
debacles
debar
debark
debarkation
debarkation's
debarked
debarking
debarks
debarment
debarment's
debarred
debarring
debars
debase
debased
debasement
debasement's
debasements
debases
debasing
debatable
debate
debate's
debated
debater
debater's
debaters
debates
debating
debauch
debauch's
debauched
debaucheries
debauchery
debauchery's
debauches
debauching
debenture
debenture's
debentures
debilitate
debilitated
debilitates
debilitating
debilitation
debilitation's
debilities
debility
debility's
debit
debit's
debited
debiting
debits
debonair
debonairly
debrief
debriefed
debriefing
debriefing's
debriefings
debriefs
debris
debris's
debs
debt
debt's
debtor
debtor's
debtors
debts
debug
debugged
debugger
debuggers
debugging
debugs
debunk
debunked
debunking
debunks
debut
debut's
debuted
debuting
debuts
decade
decade's
decadence
decadence's
decadent
decadent's
decadently
decadents
decades
decaf
decaf's
decaffeinate
decaffeinated
decaffeinates
decaffeinating
decal
decal's
decals
decamp
decamped
decamping
decamps
decant
decanted
decanter
decanter's
decanters
decanting
decants
decapitate
decapitated
decapitates
decapitating
decapitation
decapitation's
decapitations
decathlon
decathlon's
decathlons
decay
decay's
decayed
decaying
decays
decease
decease's
deceased
deceased's
deceases
deceasing
decedent
decedent's
decedents
deceit
deceit's
deceitful
deceitfully
deceitfulness
deceitfulness's
deceits
deceive
deceived
deceiver
deceiver's
deceivers
deceives
deceiving
decelerate
decelerated
decelerates
decelerating
deceleration
deceleration's
decencies
decency
decency's
decent
decently
decentralization
decentralization's
decentralize
decentralized
decentralizes
decentralizing
deception
deception's
deceptions
deceptive
deceptively
deceptiveness
deceptiveness's
decibel
decibel's
decibels
decide
decided
decidedly
decides
deciding
deciduous
decimal
decimal's
decimals
decimate
decimated
decimates
decimating
decimation
decimation's
decipher
decipherable
deciphered
deciphering
deciphers
decision
decision's
decisions
decisive
decisively
decisiveness
decisiveness's
deck
deck's
decked
deckhand
deckhand's
deckhands
decking
decks
declaim
declaimed
declaiming
declaims
declamation
declamation's
declamations
declamatory
declaration
declaration's
declarations
declarative
declare
declared
declares
declaring
declassified
declassifies
declassify
declassifying
declension
declension's
declensions
declination
declination's
decline
decline's
declined
declines
declining
declivities
declivity
declivity's
decode
decoded
decoder
decodes
decoding
decolonization
decolonization's
decolonize
decolonized
decolonizes
decolonizing
decommission
decommissioned
decommissioning
decommissions
decompose
decomposed
decomposes
decomposing
decomposition
decomposition's
decompress
decompressed
decompresses
decompressing
decompression
decompression's
decongestant
decongestant's
decongestants
deconstruction
deconstruction's
deconstructions
decontaminate
decontaminated
decontaminates
decontaminating
decontamination
decontamination's
decor
decor's
decorate
decorated
decorates
decorating
decoration
decoration's
decorations
decorative
decorator
decorator's
decorators
decorous
decorously
decors
decorum
decorum's
decoy
decoy's
decoyed
decoying
decoys
decrease
decrease's
decreased
decreases
decreasing
decree
decree's
decreed
decreeing
decrees
decremented
decrements
decrepit
decrepitude
decrepitude's
decrescendi
decrescendo
decrescendo's
decrescendos
decried
decries
decriminalization
decriminalization's
decriminalize
decriminalized
decriminalizes
decriminalizing
decry
decrying
dedicate
dedicated
dedicates
dedicating
dedication
dedication's
dedications
deduce
deduced
deduces
deducible
deducing
deduct
deducted
deductible
deductible's
deductibles
deducting
deduction
deduction's
deductions
deductive
deducts
deed
deed's
deeded
deeding
deeds
deejay
deejay's
deejays
deem
deemed
deeming
deems
deep
deep's
deepen
deepened
deepening
deepens
deeper
deepest
deeply
deepness
deepness's
deeps
deer
deer's
deers
deerskin
deerskin's
deescalate
deescalated
deescalates
deescalating
deface
defaced
defacement
defacement's
defaces
defacing
defamation
defamation's
defamatory
defame
defamed
defames
defaming
default
default's
defaulted
defaulter
defaulter's
defaulters
defaulting
defaults
defeat
defeat's
defeated
defeating
defeatism
defeatism's
defeatist
defeatist's
defeatists
defeats
defecate
defecated
defecates
defecating
defecation
defecation's
defect
defect's
defected
defecting
defection
defection's
defections
defective
defective's
defectives
defector
defector's
defectors
defects
defend
defendant
defendant's
defendants
defended
defender
defender's
defenders
defending
defends
defense
defense's
defensed
defenseless
defenses
defensible
defensing
defensive
defensive's
defensively
defensiveness
defensiveness's
defer
deference
deference's
deferential
deferentially
deferment
deferment's
deferments
deferred
deferring
defers
defiance
defiance's
defiant
defiantly
deficiencies
deficiency
deficiency's
deficient
deficit
deficit's
deficits
defied
defies
defile
defile's
defiled
defilement
defilement's
defiles
defiling
definable
define
defined
definer
definer's
definers
defines
defining
definite
definitely
definiteness
definiteness's
definition
definition's
definitions
definitive
definitively
deflate
deflated
deflates
deflating
deflation
deflation's
deflect
deflected
deflecting
deflection
deflection's
deflections
deflector
deflector's
deflectors
deflects
defogger
defogger's
defoggers
defoliant
defoliant's
defoliants
defoliate
defoliated
defoliates
defoliating
defoliation
defoliation's
deforest
deforestation
deforestation's
deforested
deforesting
deforests
deform
deformation
deformation's
deformations
deformed
deforming
deformities
deformity
deformity's
deforms
defraud
defrauded
defrauding
defrauds
defray
defrayal
defrayal's
defrayed
defraying
defrays
defrost
defrosted
defroster
defroster's
defrosters
defrosting
defrosts
deft
defter
deftest
deftly
deftness
deftness's
defunct
defuse
defused
defuses
defusing
defy
defying
degeneracy
degeneracy's
degenerate
degenerate's
degenerated
degenerates
degenerating
degeneration
degeneration's
degenerative
degradation
degradation's
degrade
degraded
degrades
degrading
degree
degree's
degrees
dehumanization
dehumanization's
dehumanize
dehumanized
dehumanizes
dehumanizing
dehumidified
dehumidifier
dehumidifier's
dehumidifiers
dehumidifies
dehumidify
dehumidifying
dehydrate
dehydrated
dehydrates
dehydrating
dehydration
dehydration's
deice
deiced
deicer
deicer's
deicers
deices
deicing
deification
deification's
deified
deifies
deify
deifying
deign
deigned
deigning
deigns
deism
deism's
deities
deity
deity's
deject
dejected
dejectedly
dejecting
dejection
dejection's
dejects
delay
delay's
delayed
delaying
delays
delectable
delectation
delectation's
delegate
delegate's
delegated
delegates
delegating
delegation
delegation's
delegations
delete
deleted
deleterious
deletes
deleting
deletion
deletion's
deletions
deli
deli's
deliberate
deliberated
deliberately
deliberates
deliberating
deliberation
deliberation's
deliberations
delicacies
delicacy
delicacy's
delicate
delicately
delicatessen
delicatessen's
delicatessens
delicious
deliciously
deliciousness
deliciousness's
delight
delight's
delighted
delightful
delightfully
delighting
delights
delimit
delimited
delimiter
delimiters
delimiting
delimits
delineate
delineated
delineates
delineating
delineation
delineation's
delineations
delinquencies
delinquency
delinquency's
delinquent
delinquent's
delinquently
delinquents
deliquescent
deliria
delirious
deliriously
delirium
delirium's
deliriums
delis
deliver
deliverance
deliverance's
delivered
deliverer
deliverer's
deliverers
deliveries
delivering
delivers
delivery
delivery's
dell
dell's
dells
delphinia
delphinium
delphinium's
delphiniums
delta
delta's
deltas
delude
deluded
deludes
deluding
deluge
deluge's
deluged
deluges
deluging
delusion
delusion's
delusions
delusive
deluxe
delve
delved
delves
delving
demagnetization
demagnetization's
demagnetize
demagnetized
demagnetizes
demagnetizing
demagog
demagog's
demagogic
demagogry
demagogs
demagogue
demagogue's
demagoguery
demagoguery's
demagogues
demagogy
demagogy's
demand
demand's
demanded
demanding
demands
demarcate
demarcated
demarcates
demarcating
demarcation
demarcation's
demean
demeaned
demeaning
demeanor
demeanor's
demeans
demented
dementedly
dementia
dementia's
demerit
demerit's
demerits
demesne
demesne's
demesnes
demigod
demigod's
demigods
demijohn
demijohn's
demijohns
demilitarization
demilitarization's
demilitarize
demilitarized
demilitarizes
demilitarizing
demise
demise's
demised
demises
demising
demitasse
demitasse's
demitasses
demo
demo's
demobilization
demobilization's
demobilize
demobilized
demobilizes
demobilizing
democracies
democracy
democracy's
democrat
democrat's
democratic
democratically
democratization
democratization's
democratize
democratized
democratizes
democratizing
democrats
demoed
demographer
demographer's
demographers
demographic
demographic's
demographically
demographics
demographics's
demography
demography's
demoing
demolish
demolished
demolishes
demolishing
demolition
demolition's
demolitions
demon
demon's
demoniac
demoniacal
demonic
demons
demonstrable
demonstrably
demonstrate
demonstrated
demonstrates
demonstrating
demonstration
demonstration's
demonstrations
demonstrative
demonstrative's
demonstratively
demonstratives
demonstrator
demonstrator's
demonstrators
demoralization
demoralization's
demoralize
demoralized
demoralizes
demoralizing
demos
demote
demoted
demotes
demoting
demotion
demotion's
demotions
demount
demur
demur's
demure
demurely
demurer
demurest
demurred
demurring
demurs
den
den's
denature
denatured
denatures
denaturing
dendrite
dendrite's
dendrites
denial
denial's
denials
denied
denier
denier's
deniers
denies
denigrate
denigrated
denigrates
denigrating
denigration
denigration's
denim
denim's
denims
denizen
denizen's
denizens
denominate
denominated
denominates
denominating
denomination
denomination's
denominational
denominations
denominator
denominator's
denominators
denotation
denotation's
denotations
denote
denoted
denotes
denoting
denouement
denouement's
denouements
denounce
denounced
denouncement
denouncement's
denouncements
denounces
denouncing
dens
dense
densely
denseness
denseness's
denser
densest
densities
density
density's
dent
dent's
dental
dented
dentifrice
dentifrice's
dentifrices
dentin
dentin's
dentine
dentine's
denting
dentist
dentist's
dentistry
dentistry's
dentists
dents
denture
denture's
dentures
denude
denuded
denudes
denuding
denunciation
denunciation's
denunciations
deny
denying
deodorant
deodorant's
deodorants
deodorize
deodorized
deodorizer
deodorizer's
deodorizers
deodorizes
deodorizing
depart
departed
departed's
departing
department
department's
departmental
departmentalize
departmentalized
departmentalizes
departmentalizing
departments
departs
departure
departure's
departures
depend
dependability
dependability's
dependable
dependably
dependance
dependance's
dependant
dependant's
dependants
depended
dependence
dependence's
dependencies
dependency
dependency's
dependent
dependent's
dependents
depending
depends
depict
depicted
depicting
depiction
depiction's
depictions
depicts
depilatories
depilatory
depilatory's
deplane
deplaned
deplanes
deplaning
deplete
depleted
depletes
depleting
depletion
depletion's
deplorable
deplorably
deplore
deplored
deplores
deploring
deploy
deployed
deploying
deployment
deployment's
deployments
deploys
depoliticize
depoliticized
depoliticizes
depoliticizing
depopulate
depopulated
depopulates
depopulating
depopulation
depopulation's
deport
deportation
deportation's
deportations
deported
deporting
deportment
deportment's
deports
depose
deposed
deposes
deposing
deposit
deposit's
deposited
depositing
deposition
deposition's
depositions
depositor
depositor's
depositories
depositors
depository
depository's
deposits
depot
depot's
depots
deprave
depraved
depraves
depraving
depravities
depravity
depravity's
deprecate
deprecated
deprecates
deprecating
deprecation
deprecation's
deprecatory
depreciate
depreciated
depreciates
depreciating
depreciation
depreciation's
depredation
depredation's
depredations
depress
depressant
depressant's
depressants
depressed
depresses
depressing
depressingly
depression
depression's
depressions
depressive
depressive's
depressives
deprivation
deprivation's
deprivations
deprive
deprived
deprives
depriving
deprogram
deprogramed
deprograming
deprogrammed
deprogramming
deprograms
depth
depth's
depths
deputation
deputation's
deputations
depute
deputed
deputes
deputies
deputing
deputize
deputized
deputizes
deputizing
deputy
deputy's
derail
derailed
derailing
derailment
derailment's
derailments
derails
derange
deranged
derangement
derangement's
deranges
deranging
derbies
derby
derby's
deregulate
deregulated
deregulates
deregulating
deregulation
deregulation's
derelict
derelict's
dereliction
dereliction's
derelicts
deride
derided
derides
deriding
derision
derision's
derisive
derisively
derisory
derivable
derivation
derivation's
derivations
derivative
derivative's
derivatives
derive
derived
derives
deriving
dermatitis
dermatitis's
dermatologist
dermatologist's
dermatologists
dermatology
dermatology's
dermis
dermis's
derogate
derogated
derogates
derogating
derogation
derogation's
derogatory
derrick
derrick's
derricks
derringer
derringer's
derringers
derrière
derrière's
derrières
dervish
dervish's
dervishes
desalinate
desalinated
desalinates
desalinating
desalination
desalination's
descant
descant's
descanted
descanting
descants
descend
descendant
descendant's
descendants
descended
descendent
descendent's
descendents
descender
descending
descends
descent
descent's
descents
describable
describe
described
describes
describing
descried
descries
description
description's
descriptions
descriptive
descriptively
descriptor
descriptors
descry
descrying
desecrate
desecrated
desecrates
desecrating
desecration
desecration's
desegregate
desegregated
desegregates
desegregating
desegregation
desegregation's
desensitization
desensitization's
desensitize
desensitized
desensitizes
desensitizing
desert
desert's
deserted
deserter
deserter's
deserters
deserting
desertion
desertion's
desertions
deserts
deserve
deserved
deservedly
deserves
deserving
desiccate
desiccated
desiccates
desiccating
desiccation
desiccation's
desiderata
desideratum
desideratum's
design
design's
designate
designated
designates
designating
designation
designation's
designations
designed
designer
designer's
designers
designing
designing's
designs
desirability
desirability's
desirable
desirably
desire
desire's
desired
desires
desiring
desirous
desist
desisted
desisting
desists
desk
desk's
desks
desktop
desktop's
desktops
desolate
desolated
desolately
desolateness
desolateness's
desolates
desolating
desolation
desolation's
despair
despair's
despaired
despairing
despairingly
despairs
despatch
despatch's
despatched
despatches
despatching
desperado
desperado's
desperadoes
desperados
desperate
desperately
desperation
desperation's
despicable
despicably
despise
despised
despises
despising
despite
despoil
despoiled
despoiling
despoils
despondency
despondency's
despondent
despondently
despot
despot's
despotic
despotism
despotism's
despots
dessert
dessert's
desserts
destabilize
destination
destination's
destinations
destine
destined
destines
destinies
destining
destiny
destiny's
destitute
destitution
destitution's
destroy
destroyed
destroyer
destroyer's
destroyers
destroying
destroys
destruct
destruct's
destructed
destructible
destructing
destruction
destruction's
destructive
destructively
destructiveness
destructiveness's
destructs
desultory
detach
detachable
detached
detaches
detaching
detachment
detachment's
detachments
detail
detail's
detailed
detailing
details
detain
detained
detaining
detainment
detainment's
detains
detect
detectable
detected
detecting
detection
detection's
detective
detective's
detectives
detector
detector's
detectors
detects
detentes
detention
detention's
detentions
deter
detergent
detergent's
detergents
deteriorate
deteriorated
deteriorates
deteriorating
deterioration
deterioration's
determinable
determinant
determinant's
determinants
determinate
determination
determination's
determinations
determine
determined
determiner
determiner's
determiners
determines
determining
determinism
deterministic
deterred
deterrence
deterrence's
deterrent
deterrent's
deterrents
deterring
deters
detest
detestable
detestation
detestation's
detested
detesting
detests
dethrone
dethroned
dethronement
dethronement's
dethrones
dethroning
detonate
detonated
detonates
detonating
detonation
detonation's
detonations
detonator
detonator's
detonators
detour
detour's
detoured
detouring
detours
detox
detox's
detoxed
detoxes
detoxification
detoxification's
detoxified
detoxifies
detoxify
detoxifying
detoxing
detract
detracted
detracting
detraction
detraction's
detractor
detractor's
detractors
detracts
detriment
detriment's
detrimental
detriments
detritus
detritus's
deuce
deuce's
deuces
deuterium
deuterium's
devaluation
devaluation's
devaluations
devalue
devalued
devalues
devaluing
devastate
devastated
devastates
devastating
devastation
devastation's
develop
developed
developer
developer's
developers
developing
development
development's
developmental
developments
develops
deviance
deviance's
deviant
deviant's
deviants
deviate
deviate's
deviated
deviates
deviating
deviation
deviation's
deviations
device
device's
devices
devil
devil's
deviled
deviling
devilish
devilishly
devilled
devilling
devilment
devilment's
devilries
devilry
devilry's
devils
deviltries
deviltry
deviltry's
devious
deviously
deviousness
deviousness's
devise
devise's
devised
devises
devising
devoid
devolution
devolve
devolved
devolves
devolving
devote
devoted
devotedly
devotee
devotee's
devotees
devotes
devoting
devotion
devotion's
devotional
devotional's
devotionals
devotions
devour
devoured
devouring
devours
devout
devouter
devoutest
devoutly
devoutness
devoutness's
dew
dew's
dewberries
dewberry
dewberry's
dewdrop
dewdrop's
dewdrops
dewier
dewiest
dewlap
dewlap's
dewlaps
dewy
dexterity
dexterity's
dexterous
dexterously
dextrose
dextrose's
dextrous
dextrously
dhoti
dhoti's
dhotis
diabetes
diabetes's
diabetic
diabetic's
diabetics
diabolic
diabolical
diabolically
diacritic
diacritic's
diacritical
diacritics
diadem
diadem's
diadems
diagnose
diagnosed
diagnoses
diagnosing
diagnosis
diagnosis's
diagnostic
diagnostician
diagnostician's
diagnosticians
diagnostics
diagonal
diagonal's
diagonally
diagonals
diagram
diagram's
diagramed
diagraming
diagrammatic
diagrammed
diagramming
diagrams
dial
dial's
dialect
dialect's
dialectal
dialectic
dialectic's
dialects
dialed
dialing
dialings
dialog
dialog's
dialogs
dialogue
dialogue's
dialogues
dials
dialyses
dialysis
dialysis's
dialyzes
diameter
diameter's
diameters
diametrical
diametrically
diamond
diamond's
diamonds
diaper
diaper's
diapered
diapering
diapers
diaphanous
diaphragm
diaphragm's
diaphragms
diaries
diarist
diarist's
diarists
diarrhea
diarrhea's
diarrhoea
diarrhoea's
diary
diary's
diastolic
diatom
diatom's
diatoms
diatribe
diatribe's
diatribes
dibble
dibble's
dibbled
dibbles
dibbling
dice
diced
dices
dicey
dichotomies
dichotomy
dichotomy's
dicier
diciest
dicing
dick
dick's
dicker
dickered
dickering
dickers
dickey
dickey's
dickeys
dickie
dickie's
dickies
dicks
dicky
dicky's
dicta
dictate
dictate's
dictated
dictates
dictating
dictation
dictation's
dictations
dictator
dictator's
dictatorial
dictators
dictatorship
dictatorship's
dictatorships
diction
diction's
dictionaries
dictionary
dictionary's
dictum
dictum's
dictums
did
didactic
diddle
diddled
diddles
diddling
didn't
die
die's
died
diehard
diehard's
diehards
diereses
dieresis
dieresis's
dies
diesel
diesel's
dieseled
dieseling
diesels
diet
diet's
dietaries
dietary
dietary's
dieted
dieter
dieter's
dieters
dietetic
dietetics
dietetics's
dietician
dietician's
dieticians
dieting
dietitian
dietitian's
dietitians
diets
differ
differed
difference
difference's
differences
different
differential
differential's
differentials
differentiate
differentiated
differentiates
differentiating
differentiation
differentiation's
differently
differing
differs
difficult
difficulties
difficulty
difficulty's
diffidence
diffidence's
diffident
diffidently
diffraction
diffraction's
diffuse
diffused
diffusely
diffuseness
diffuseness's
diffuses
diffusing
diffusion
diffusion's
dig
dig's
digest
digest's
digested
digestible
digesting
digestion
digestion's
digestions
digestive
digests
digger
digger's
diggers
digging
digit
digit's
digital
digitalis
digitalis's
digitally
digitization
digitize
digitized
digitizes
digitizing
digits
dignified
dignifies
dignify
dignifying
dignitaries
dignitary
dignitary's
dignities
dignity
dignity's
digraph
digraph's
digraphs
digress
digressed
digresses
digressing
digression
digression's
digressions
digressive
digs
dike
dike's
diked
dikes
diking
dilapidated
dilapidation
dilapidation's
dilate
dilated
dilates
dilating
dilation
dilation's
dilatory
dilemma
dilemma's
dilemmas
dilettante
dilettante's
dilettantes
dilettanti
dilettantism
dilettantism's
diligence
diligence's
diligent
diligently
dill
dill's
dillies
dills
dilly
dilly's
dillydallied
dillydallies
dillydally
dillydallying
dilute
diluted
dilutes
diluting
dilution
dilution's
dim
dime
dime's
dimension
dimension's
dimensional
dimensionless
dimensions
dimer
dimes
diminish
diminished
diminishes
diminishing
diminuendo
diminuendo's
diminuendoes
diminuendos
diminution
diminution's
diminutions
diminutive
diminutive's
diminutives
dimly
dimmed
dimmer
dimmer's
dimmers
dimmest
dimming
dimness
dimness's
dimple
dimple's
dimpled
dimples
dimpling
dims
dimwit
dimwit's
dimwits
dimwitted
din
din's
dine
dined
diner
diner's
diners
dines
dinette
dinette's
dinettes
ding
ding's
dinged
dinghies
dinghy
dinghy's
dingier
dingiest
dinginess
dinginess's
dinging
dingo
dingo's
dingoes
dings
dingy
dining
dinkier
dinkies
dinkiest
dinky
dinky's
dinned
dinner
dinner's
dinnered
dinnering
dinners
dinning
dinosaur
dinosaur's
dinosaurs
dins
dint
dint's
diocesan
diocesan's
diocesans
diocese
diocese's
dioceses
diode
diode's
diodes
diorama
diorama's
dioramas
dioxide
dioxin
dioxin's
dioxins
dip
dip's
diphtheria
diphtheria's
diphthong
diphthong's
diphthongs
diploma
diploma's
diplomacy
diplomacy's
diplomas
diplomat
diplomat's
diplomata
diplomatic
diplomatically
diplomats
dipole
dipped
dipper
dipper's
dippers
dipping
dips
dipsomania
dipsomania's
dipsomaniac
dipsomaniac's
dipsomaniacs
dipstick
dipstick's
dipsticks
dire
direct
directed
directer
directest
directing
direction
direction's
directional
directions
directive
directive's
directives
directly
directness
directness's
director
director's
directorate
directorate's
directorates
directorial
directories
directors
directorship
directorship's
directorships
directory
directory's
directs
direr
direst
dirge
dirge's
dirges
dirigible
dirigible's
dirigibles
dirk
dirk's
dirks
dirt
dirt's
dirtied
dirtier
dirties
dirtiest
dirtiness
dirtiness's
dirty
dirtying
dis
dis's
disabilities
disability
disability's
disable
disabled
disablement
disablement's
disables
disabling
disabuse
disabused
disabuses
disabusing
disadvantage
disadvantage's
disadvantaged
disadvantageous
disadvantageously
disadvantages
disadvantaging
disaffect
disaffected
disaffecting
disaffection
disaffection's
disaffects
disagree
disagreeable
disagreeably
disagreed
disagreeing
disagreement
disagreement's
disagreements
disagrees
disallow
disallowed
disallowing
disallows
disambiguate
disambiguation
disappear
disappearance
disappearance's
disappearances
disappeared
disappearing
disappears
disappoint
disappointed
disappointing
disappointingly
disappointment
disappointment's
disappointments
disappoints
disapprobation
disapprobation's
disapproval
disapproval's
disapprove
disapproved
disapproves
disapproving
disapprovingly
disarm
disarmament
disarmament's
disarmed
disarming
disarms
disarrange
disarranged
disarrangement
disarrangement's
disarranges
disarranging
disarray
disarray's
disarrayed
disarraying
disarrays
disassemble
disassembled
disassembles
disassembling
disassociate
disassociated
disassociates
disassociating
disaster
disaster's
disasters
disastrous
disastrously
disavow
disavowal
disavowal's
disavowals
disavowed
disavowing
disavows
disband
disbanded
disbanding
disbands
disbar
disbarment
disbarment's
disbarred
disbarring
disbars
disbelief
disbelief's
disbelieve
disbelieved
disbelieves
disbelieving
disburse
disbursed
disbursement
disbursement's
disbursements
disburses
disbursing
disc
disc's
discard
discard's
discarded
discarding
discards
discern
discerned
discernible
discerning
discernment
discernment's
discerns
discharge
discharge's
discharged
discharges
discharging
disciple
disciple's
disciples
disciplinarian
disciplinarian's
disciplinarians
disciplinary
discipline
discipline's
disciplined
disciplines
disciplining
disclaim
disclaimed
disclaimer
disclaimer's
disclaimers
disclaiming
disclaims
disclose
disclosed
discloses
disclosing
disclosure
disclosure's
disclosures
disco
disco's
discoed
discoing
discolor
discoloration
discoloration's
discolorations
discolored
discoloring
discolors
discombobulate
discombobulated
discombobulates
discombobulating
discomfit
discomfited
discomfiting
discomfits
discomfiture
discomfiture's
discomfort
discomfort's
discomforted
discomforting
discomforts
discommode
discommoded
discommodes
discommoding
discompose
discomposed
discomposes
discomposing
discomposure
discomposure's
disconcert
disconcerted
disconcerting
disconcerts
disconnect
disconnected
disconnectedly
disconnecting
disconnection
disconnection's
disconnections
disconnects
disconsolate
disconsolately
discontent
discontent's
discontented
discontentedly
discontenting
discontentment
discontentment's
discontents
discontinuance
discontinuance's
discontinuances
discontinuation
discontinuation's
discontinuations
discontinue
discontinued
discontinues
discontinuing
discontinuities
discontinuity
discontinuity's
discontinuous
discord
discord's
discordant
discorded
discording
discords
discos
discotheque
discotheque's
discotheques
discount
discount's
discounted
discountenance
discountenanced
discountenances
discountenancing
discounting
discounts
discourage
discouraged
discouragement
discouragement's
discouragements
discourages
discouraging
discouragingly
discourse
discourse's
discoursed
discourses
discoursing
discourteous
discourteously
discourtesies
discourtesy
discourtesy's
discover
discovered
discoverer
discoverer's
discoverers
discoveries
discovering
discovers
discovery
discovery's
discredit
discredit's
discreditable
discredited
discrediting
discredits
discreet
discreeter
discreetest
discreetly
discrepancies
discrepancy
discrepancy's
discrete
discretion
discretion's
discretionary
discriminant
discriminate
discriminated
discriminates
discriminating
discrimination
discrimination's
discriminatory
discs
discursive
discus
discus's
discuses
discuss
discussant
discussant's
discussants
discussed
discusses
discussing
discussion
discussion's
discussions
disdain
disdain's
disdained
disdainful
disdainfully
disdaining
disdains
disease
disease's
diseased
diseases
disembark
disembarkation
disembarkation's
disembarked
disembarking
disembarks
disembodied
disembodies
disembody
disembodying
disembowel
disemboweled
disemboweling
disembowelled
disembowelling
disembowels
disenchant
disenchanted
disenchanting
disenchantment
disenchantment's
disenchants
disencumber
disencumbered
disencumbering
disencumbers
disenfranchise
disenfranchised
disenfranchisement
disenfranchisement's
disenfranchises
disenfranchising
disengage
disengaged
disengagement
disengagement's
disengagements
disengages
disengaging
disentangle
disentangled
disentanglement
disentanglement's
disentangles
disentangling
disestablish
disestablished
disestablishes
disestablishing
disfavor
disfavor's
disfavored
disfavoring
disfavors
disfigure
disfigured
disfigurement
disfigurement's
disfigurements
disfigures
disfiguring
disfranchise
disfranchised
disfranchisement
disfranchisement's
disfranchises
disfranchising
disgorge
disgorged
disgorges
disgorging
disgrace
disgrace's
disgraced
disgraceful
disgracefully
disgraces
disgracing
disgruntle
disgruntled
disgruntles
disgruntling
disguise
disguise's
disguised
disguises
disguising
disgust
disgust's
disgusted
disgustedly
disgusting
disgustingly
disgusts
dish
dish's
disharmonious
disharmony
disharmony's
dishcloth
dishcloth's
dishcloths
dishearten
disheartened
disheartening
disheartens
dished
dishes
dishevel
disheveled
disheveling
dishevelled
dishevelling
dishevels
dishing
dishonest
dishonestly
dishonesty
dishonesty's
dishonor
dishonor's
dishonorable
dishonorably
dishonored
dishonoring
dishonors
dishpan
dishpan's
dishpans
dishrag
dishrag's
dishrags
dishtowel
dishtowel's
dishtowels
dishwasher
dishwasher's
dishwashers
dishwater
dishwater's
disillusion
disillusion's
disillusioned
disillusioning
disillusionment
disillusionment's
disillusions
disincentive
disinclination
disinclination's
disincline
disinclined
disinclines
disinclining
disinfect
disinfectant
disinfectant's
disinfectants
disinfected
disinfecting
disinfects
disinformation
disinformation's
disingenuous
disinherit
disinherited
disinheriting
disinherits
disintegrate
disintegrated
disintegrates
disintegrating
disintegration
disintegration's
disinter
disinterest
disinterest's
disinterested
disinterestedly
disinterests
disinterment
disinterment's
disinterred
disinterring
disinters
disjoint
disjointed
disjointedly
disjointing
disjoints
disk
disk's
diskette
diskette's
diskettes
disks
dislike
dislike's
disliked
dislikes
disliking
dislocate
dislocated
dislocates
dislocating
dislocation
dislocation's
dislocations
dislodge
dislodged
dislodges
dislodging
disloyal
disloyally
disloyalty
disloyalty's
dismal
dismally
dismantle
dismantled
dismantles
dismantling
dismay
dismay's
dismayed
dismaying
dismays
dismember
dismembered
dismembering
dismemberment
dismemberment's
dismembers
dismiss
dismissal
dismissal's
dismissals
dismissed
dismisses
dismissing
dismissive
dismount
dismount's
dismounted
dismounting
dismounts
disobedience
disobedience's
disobedient
disobediently
disobey
disobeyed
disobeying
disobeys
disoblige
disobliged
disobliges
disobliging
disorder
disorder's
disordered
disordering
disorderliness
disorderliness's
disorderly
disorders
disorganization
disorganization's
disorganize
disorganized
disorganizes
disorganizing
disorient
disorientation
disorientation's
disoriented
disorienting
disorients
disown
disowned
disowning
disowns
disparage
disparaged
disparagement
disparagement's
disparages
disparaging
disparate
disparities
disparity
disparity's
dispassionate
dispassionately
dispatch
dispatch's
dispatched
dispatcher
dispatcher's
dispatchers
dispatches
dispatching
dispel
dispelled
dispelling
dispels
dispensable
dispensaries
dispensary
dispensary's
dispensation
dispensation's
dispensations
dispense
dispensed
dispenser
dispenser's
dispensers
dispenses
dispensing
dispersal
dispersal's
disperse
dispersed
disperses
dispersing
dispersion
dispersion's
dispirit
dispirited
dispiriting
dispirits
displace
displaced
displacement
displacement's
displacements
displaces
displacing
display
display's
displayable
displayed
displaying
displays
displease
displeased
displeases
displeasing
displeasure
displeasure's
disport
disported
disporting
disports
disposable
disposable's
disposables
disposal
disposal's
disposals
dispose
disposed
disposes
disposing
disposition
disposition's
dispositions
dispossess
dispossessed
dispossesses
dispossessing
dispossession
dispossession's
disproof
disproportion
disproportion's
disproportionate
disproportionately
disproportions
disprove
disproved
disproven
disproves
disproving
disputable
disputant
disputant's
disputants
disputation
disputation's
disputations
disputatious
dispute
dispute's
disputed
disputes
disputing
disqualification
disqualification's
disqualifications
disqualified
disqualifies
disqualify
disqualifying
disquiet
disquiet's
disquieted
disquieting
disquiets
disquisition
disquisition's
disquisitions
disregard
disregard's
disregarded
disregarding
disregards
disrepair
disrepair's
disreputable
disreputably
disrepute
disrepute's
disrespect
disrespect's
disrespected
disrespectful
disrespectfully
disrespecting
disrespects
disrobe
disrobed
disrobes
disrobing
disrupt
disrupted
disrupting
disruption
disruption's
disruptions
disruptive
disrupts
diss
diss's
dissatisfaction
dissatisfaction's
dissatisfied
dissatisfies
dissatisfy
dissatisfying
dissect
dissected
dissecting
dissection
dissection's
dissections
dissects
dissed
dissemble
dissembled
dissembles
dissembling
disseminate
disseminated
disseminates
disseminating
dissemination
dissemination's
dissension
dissension's
dissensions
dissent
dissent's
dissented
dissenter
dissenter's
dissenters
dissenting
dissents
dissertation
dissertation's
dissertations
disservice
disservice's
disservices
disses
dissidence
dissidence's
dissident
dissident's
dissidents
dissimilar
dissimilarities
dissimilarity
dissimilarity's
dissimulate
dissimulated
dissimulates
dissimulating
dissimulation
dissimulation's
dissing
dissipate
dissipated
dissipates
dissipating
dissipation
dissipation's
dissociate
dissociated
dissociates
dissociating
dissociation
dissociation's
dissolute
dissolutely
dissoluteness
dissoluteness's
dissolution
dissolution's
dissolve
dissolved
dissolves
dissolving
dissonance
dissonance's
dissonances
dissonant
dissuade
dissuaded
dissuades
dissuading
dissuasion
dissuasion's
distaff
distaff's
distaffs
distance
distance's
distanced
distances
distancing
distant
distantly
distaste
distaste's
distasteful
distastefully
distastes
distemper
distemper's
distend
distended
distending
distends
distension
distension's
distensions
distention
distention's
distentions
distil
distill
distillate
distillate's
distillates
distillation
distillation's
distillations
distilled
distiller
distiller's
distilleries
distillers
distillery
distillery's
distilling
distills
distils
distinct
distincter
distinctest
distinction
distinction's
distinctions
distinctive
distinctively
distinctiveness
distinctiveness's
distinctly
distinguish
distinguishable
distinguished
distinguishes
distinguishing
distort
distorted
distorter
distorting
distortion
distortion's
distortions
distorts
distract
distracted
distracting
distraction
distraction's
distractions
distracts
distrait
distraught
distress
distress's
distressed
distresses
distressful
distressing
distressingly
distribute
distributed
distributes
distributing
distribution
distribution's
distributions
distributive
distributor
distributor's
distributors
district
district's
districts
distrust
distrust's
distrusted
distrustful
distrustfully
distrusting
distrusts
disturb
disturbance
disturbance's
disturbances
disturbed
disturbing
disturbingly
disturbs
disunite
disunited
disunites
disuniting
disunity
disunity's
disuse
disuse's
disused
disuses
disusing
ditch
ditch's
ditched
ditches
ditching
dither
dither's
dithered
dithering
dithers
ditties
ditto
ditto's
dittoed
dittoes
dittoing
dittos
ditty
ditty's
diuretic
diuretic's
diuretics
diurnal
diurnally
diva
diva's
divan
divan's
divans
divas
dive
dive's
dived
diver
diver's
diverge
diverged
divergence
divergence's
divergences
divergent
diverges
diverging
divers
diverse
diversely
diversification
diversification's
diversified
diversifies
diversify
diversifying
diversion
diversion's
diversionary
diversions
diversities
diversity
diversity's
divert
diverted
diverting
diverts
dives
divest
divested
divesting
divests
divide
divide's
divided
dividend
dividend's
dividends
divider
divider's
dividers
divides
dividing
divination
divination's
divine
divine's
divined
divinely
diviner
diviner's
diviners
divines
divinest
diving
diving's
divining
divinities
divinity
divinity's
divisibility
divisibility's
divisible
division
division's
divisional
divisions
divisive
divisively
divisiveness
divisiveness's
divisor
divisor's
divisors
divorce
divorce's
divorced
divorces
divorcing
divorcée
divorcée's
divorcées
divot
divot's
divots
divulge
divulged
divulges
divulging
divvied
divvies
divvy
divvy's
divvying
dizzied
dizzier
dizzies
dizziest
dizzily
dizziness
dizziness's
dizzy
dizzying
djinn
djinn's
djinni
djinni's
djinns
do
do's
doable
doc
doc's
docent
docent's
docents
docile
docilely
docility
docility's
dock
dock's
docked
docket
docket's
docketed
docketing
dockets
docking
docks
dockyard
dockyard's
dockyards
docs
doctor
doctor's
doctoral
doctorate
doctorate's
doctorates
doctored
doctoring
doctors
doctrinaire
doctrinaire's
doctrinaires
doctrinal
doctrine
doctrine's
doctrines
docudrama
docudrama's
docudramas
document
document's
documentaries
documentary
documentary's
documentation
documentation's
documented
documenting
documents
dodder
dodder's
doddered
doddering
dodders
dodge
dodge's
dodged
dodger
dodger's
dodgers
dodges
dodging
dodo
dodo's
dodoes
dodos
doe
doe's
doer
doer's
doers
does
doesn't
doff
doffed
doffing
doffs
dog
dog's
dogcatcher
dogcatcher's
dogcatchers
dogfight
dogfight's
dogfights
dogfish
dogfish's
dogfishes
dogged
doggedly
doggedness
doggedness's
doggerel
doggerel's
doggie
doggie's
doggier
doggies
doggiest
dogging
doggone
doggoned
doggoneder
doggonedest
doggoner
doggones
doggonest
doggoning
doggy
doggy's
doghouse
doghouse's
doghouses
dogie
dogie's
dogies
dogma
dogma's
dogmas
dogmata
dogmatic
dogmatically
dogmatism
dogmatism's
dogmatist
dogmatist's
dogmatists
dogs
dogtrot
dogtrot's
dogtrots
dogtrotted
dogtrotting
dogwood
dogwood's
dogwoods
doilies
doily
doily's
doing
doing's
doings
doldrums
doldrums's
dole
dole's
doled
doleful
dolefully
doles
doling
doll
doll's
dollar
dollar's
dollars
dolled
dollhouse
dollhouse's
dollhouses
dollies
dolling
dollop
dollop's
dolloped
dolloping
dollops
dolls
dolly
dolly's
dolmen
dolmen's
dolmens
dolorous
dolphin
dolphin's
dolphins
dolt
dolt's
doltish
dolts
domain
domain's
domains
dome
dome's
domed
domes
domestic
domestic's
domestically
domesticate
domesticated
domesticates
domesticating
domestication
domestication's
domesticity
domesticity's
domestics
domicile
domicile's
domiciled
domiciles
domiciling
dominance
dominance's
dominant
dominant's
dominantly
dominants
dominate
dominated
dominates
dominating
domination
domination's
domineer
domineered
domineering
domineers
doming
dominion
dominion's
dominions
domino
domino's
dominoes
dominos
don
don's
don't
donate
donated
donates
donating
donation
donation's
donations
done
donkey
donkey's
donkeys
donned
donning
donor
donor's
donors
dons
donut
donut's
donuts
doodad
doodad's
doodads
doodle
doodle's
doodled
doodler
doodler's
doodlers
doodles
doodling
doohickey
doohickey's
doohickeys
doom
doom's
doomed
dooming
dooms
doomsday
doomsday's
door
door's
doorbell
doorbell's
doorbells
doorknob
doorknob's
doorknobs
doorman
doorman's
doormat
doormat's
doormats
doormen
doors
doorstep
doorstep's
doorsteps
doorway
doorway's
doorways
dope
dope's
doped
dopes
dopey
dopier
dopiest
doping
dopy
dories
dork
dork's
dorkier
dorkiest
dorks
dorky
dorm
dorm's
dormancy
dormancy's
dormant
dormer
dormer's
dormers
dormice
dormitories
dormitory
dormitory's
dormouse
dormouse's
dorms
dorsal
dory
dory's
dos
dosage
dosage's
dosages
dose
dose's
dosed
doses
dosing
dossier
dossier's
dossiers
dot
dot's
dotage
dotage's
dote
doted
dotes
doth
doting
dotingly
dots
dotted
dotting
dotty
double
double's
doubled
doubles
doublet
doublet's
doublets
doubling
doubloon
doubloon's
doubloons
doubly
doubt
doubt's
doubted
doubter
doubter's
doubters
doubtful
doubtfully
doubting
doubtless
doubtlessly
doubts
douche
douche's
douched
douches
douching
dough
dough's
doughier
doughiest
doughnut
doughnut's
doughnuts
doughtier
doughtiest
doughty
doughy
dour
dourer
dourest
dourly
douse
doused
douses
dousing
dove
dove's
doves
dovetail
dovetail's
dovetailed
dovetailing
dovetails
dowager
dowager's
dowagers
dowdier
dowdies
dowdiest
dowdily
dowdiness
dowdiness's
dowdy
dowel
dowel's
doweled
doweling
dowelled
dowelling
dowels
down
down's
downbeat
downbeat's
downbeats
downcast
downed
downer
downer's
downers
downfall
downfall's
downfalls
downgrade
downgrade's
downgraded
downgrades
downgrading
downhearted
downhill
downhill's
downhills
downier
downiest
downing
download
download's
downloaded
downloading
downloads
downplay
downplayed
downplaying
downplays
downpour
downpour's
downpours
downright
downs
downscale
downsize
downsized
downsizes
downsizing
downsizing's
downstage
downstairs
downstairs's
downstate
downstate's
downstream
downswing
downswing's
downswings
downtime
downtime's
downtown
downtown's
downtrodden
downturn
downturn's
downturns
downward
downwards
downwind
downy
dowries
dowry
dowry's
dowse
dowsed
dowses
dowsing
doxologies
doxology
doxology's
doyen
doyen's
doyens
doze
doze's
dozed
dozen
dozen's
dozens
dozes
dozing
drab
drab's
drabber
drabbest
drably
drabness
drabness's
drabs
drachma
drachma's
drachmae
drachmai
drachmas
draconian
draft
draft's
drafted
draftee
draftee's
draftees
draftier
draftiest
draftiness
draftiness's
drafting
drafts
draftsman
draftsman's
draftsmanship
draftsmanship's
draftsmen
drafty
drag
drag's
dragged
dragging
dragnet
dragnet's
dragnets
dragon
dragon's
dragonflies
dragonfly
dragonfly's
dragons
dragoon
dragoon's
dragooned
dragooning
dragoons
drags
drain
drain's
drainage
drainage's
drained
drainer
drainer's
drainers
draining
drainpipe
drainpipe's
drainpipes
drains
drake
drake's
drakes
dram
dram's
drama
drama's
dramas
dramatic
dramatically
dramatics
dramatics's
dramatist
dramatist's
dramatists
dramatization
dramatization's
dramatizations
dramatize
dramatized
dramatizes
dramatizing
drams
drank
drape
drape's
draped
draperies
drapery
drapery's
drapes
draping
drastic
drastically
draw
draw's
drawback
drawback's
drawbacks
drawbridge
drawbridge's
drawbridges
drawer
drawer's
drawers
drawing
drawing's
drawings
drawl
drawl's
drawled
drawling
drawls
drawn
draws
drawstring
drawstring's
drawstrings
dray
dray's
drays
dread
dread's
dreaded
dreadful
dreadfully
dreading
dreadlocks
dreadlocks's
dreadnought
dreadnought's
dreadnoughts
dreads
dream
dream's
dreamed
dreamer
dreamer's
dreamers
dreamier
dreamiest
dreamily
dreaming
dreamland
dreamland's
dreamless
dreamlike
dreams
dreamy
drearier
dreariest
drearily
dreariness
dreariness's
dreary
dredge
dredge's
dredged
dredger
dredger's
dredgers
dredges
dredging
dregs
dregs's
drench
drenched
drenches
drenching
dress
dress's
dressage
dressage's
dressed
dresser
dresser's
dressers
dresses
dressier
dressiest
dressiness
dressiness's
dressing
dressing's
dressings
dressmaker
dressmaker's
dressmakers
dressmaking
dressmaking's
dressy
drew
dribble
dribble's
dribbled
dribbler
dribbler's
dribblers
dribbles
dribbling
driblet
driblet's
driblets
dried
drier
drier's
driers
dries
driest
drift
drift's
drifted
drifter
drifter's
drifters
drifting
drifts
driftwood
driftwood's
drill
drill's
drilled
drilling
drills
drily
drink
drink's
drinkable
drinker
drinker's
drinkers
drinking
drinkings
drinks
drip
drip's
dripped
dripping
dripping's
drippings
drips
drive
drive's
drivel
drivel's
driveled
driveling
drivelled
drivelling
drivels
driven
driver
driver's
drivers
drives
driveway
driveway's
driveways
driving
drivings
drizzle
drizzle's
drizzled
drizzles
drizzlier
drizzliest
drizzling
drizzly
droll
droller
drolleries
drollery
drollery's
drollest
drollness
drollness's
drolly
dromedaries
dromedary
dromedary's
drone
drone's
droned
drones
droning
drool
drool's
drooled
drooling
drools
droop
droop's
drooped
droopier
droopiest
drooping
droops
droopy
drop
drop's
droplet
droplet's
droplets
dropout
dropout's
dropouts
dropped
dropper
dropper's
droppers
dropping
droppings
droppings's
drops
dropsy
dropsy's
dross
dross's
drought
drought's
droughts
drouth
drouth's
drouthes
drouths
drove
drove's
drover
drover's
drovers
droves
drown
drowned
drowning
drowning's
drownings
drowns
drowse
drowse's
drowsed
drowses
drowsier
drowsiest
drowsily
drowsiness
drowsiness's
drowsing
drowsy
drub
drubbed
drubbing
drubbing's
drubbings
drubs
drudge
drudge's
drudged
drudgery
drudgery's
drudges
drudging
drug
drug's
drugged
drugging
druggist
druggist's
druggists
drugs
drugstore
drugstore's
drugstores
druid
druid's
druids
drum
drum's
drummed
drummer
drummer's
drummers
drumming
drums
drumstick
drumstick's
drumsticks
drunk
drunk's
drunkard
drunkard's
drunkards
drunken
drunkenly
drunkenness
drunkenness's
drunker
drunkest
drunks
dry
dry's
dryad
dryad's
dryads
dryer
dryer's
dryers
dryest
drying
dryly
dryness
dryness's
drys
drywall
drywall's
dual
dualism
duality
duality's
dub
dub's
dubbed
dubbing
dubiety
dubiety's
dubious
dubiously
dubiousness
dubiousness's
dubs
ducal
ducat
ducat's
ducats
duchess
duchess's
duchesses
duchies
duchy
duchy's
duck
duck's
duckbill
duckbill's
duckbills
ducked
ducking
duckling
duckling's
ducklings
ducks
duct
duct's
ductile
ductility
ductility's
ducting
ductless
ducts
dud
dud's
dude
dude's
duded
dudes
dudgeon
dudgeon's
duding
duds
due
due's
duel
duel's
dueled
dueling
duelist
duelist's
duelists
duelled
duelling
duellist
duellist's
duellists
duels
dues
duet
duet's
duets
duff
duffer
duffer's
duffers
dug
dugout
dugout's
dugouts
duh
duke
duke's
dukedom
dukedom's
dukedoms
dukes
dulcet
dulcimer
dulcimer's
dulcimers
dull
dullard
dullard's
dullards
dulled
duller
dullest
dulling
dullness
dullness's
dulls
dully
dulness
dulness's
duly
dumb
dumbbell
dumbbell's
dumbbells
dumber
dumbest
dumbfound
dumbfounded
dumbfounding
dumbfounds
dumbly
dumbness
dumbness's
dumbwaiter
dumbwaiter's
dumbwaiters
dumfound
dumfounded
dumfounding
dumfounds
dummies
dummy
dummy's
dump
dump's
dumped
dumpier
dumpiest
dumping
dumpling
dumpling's
dumplings
dumps
dumpster
dumpy
dun
dun's
dunce
dunce's
dunces
dune
dune's
dunes
dung
dung's
dungaree
dungaree's
dungarees
dunged
dungeon
dungeon's
dungeons
dunging
dungs
dunk
dunk's
dunked
dunking
dunks
dunned
dunner
dunnest
dunning
dunno
duns
duo
duo's
duodena
duodenal
duodenum
duodenum's
duodenums
duos
dupe
dupe's
duped
dupes
duping
duplex
duplex's
duplexes
duplicate
duplicate's
duplicated
duplicates
duplicating
duplication
duplication's
duplicator
duplicator's
duplicators
duplicity
duplicity's
durability
durability's
durable
durably
duration
duration's
duress
duress's
during
dusk
dusk's
duskier
duskiest
dusky
dust
dust's
dustbin
dustbin's
dustbins
dusted
duster
duster's
dusters
dustier
dustiest
dustiness
dustiness's
dusting
dustless
dustman
dustmen
dustpan
dustpan's
dustpans
dusts
dusty
duteous
dutiable
duties
dutiful
dutifully
duty
duty's
duvet
dwarf
dwarf's
dwarfed
dwarfing
dwarfish
dwarfism
dwarfism's
dwarfs
dwarves
dweeb
dweeb's
dweebs
dwell
dwelled
dweller
dweller's
dwellers
dwelling
dwelling's
dwellings
dwells
dwelt
dwindle
dwindled
dwindles
dwindling
dyadic
dye
dye's
dyed
dyeing
dyer
dyer's
dyers
dyes
dyestuff
dyestuff's
dying
dying's
dyke
dyke's
dykes
dynamic
dynamic's
dynamical
dynamically
dynamics
dynamics's
dynamism
dynamism's
dynamite
dynamite's
dynamited
dynamites
dynamiting
dynamo
dynamo's
dynamos
dynastic
dynasties
dynasty
dynasty's
dysentery
dysentery's
dysfunction
dysfunction's
dysfunctional
dysfunctions
dyslexia
dyslexia's
dyslexic
dyslexic's
dyslexics
dyspepsia
dyspepsia's
dyspeptic
dyspeptic's
dyspeptics
débutante
débutante's
débutantes
décolleté
dérailleur
dérailleur's
dérailleurs
détente
détente's
e
e'er
eBay
eBay's
eMusic
each
eager
eagerer
eagerest
eagerly
eagerness
eagerness's
eagle
eagle's
eagles
eaglet
eaglet's
eaglets
ear
ear's
earache
earache's
earaches
eardrum
eardrum's
eardrums
earful
earful's
earfuls
earl
earl's
earldom
earldom's
earldoms
earlier
earliest
earliness
earliness's
earlobe
earlobe's
earlobes
earls
early
earmark
earmark's
earmarked
earmarking
earmarks
earmuff
earmuff's
earmuffs
earn
earned
earner
earner's
earners
earnest
earnest's
earnestly
earnestness
earnestness's
earnests
earning
earnings
earnings's
earns
earphone
earphone's
earphones
earplug
earplug's
earplugs
earring
earring's
earrings
ears
earshot
earshot's
earsplitting
earth
earth's
earthed
earthen
earthenware
earthenware's
earthier
earthiest
earthiness
earthiness's
earthing
earthlier
earthliest
earthling
earthling's
earthlings
earthly
earthquake
earthquake's
earthquakes
earths
earthshaking
earthward
earthwork
earthwork's
earthworks
earthworm
earthworm's
earthworms
earthy
earwax
earwax's
earwig
earwig's
earwigs
ease
ease's
eased
easel
easel's
easels
eases
easier
easiest
easily
easiness
easiness's
easing
east
east's
eastbound
easterlies
easterly
easterly's
eastern
easterner
easterner's
easterners
easternmost
eastward
eastwards
easy
easygoing
eat
eatable
eatable's
eatables
eaten
eater
eater's
eateries
eaters
eatery
eatery's
eating
eats
eave
eave's
eaves
eavesdrop
eavesdropped
eavesdropper
eavesdropper's
eavesdroppers
eavesdropping
eavesdrops
ebb
ebb's
ebbed
ebbing
ebbs
ebonies
ebony
ebony's
ebullience
ebullience's
ebullient
eccentric
eccentric's
eccentrically
eccentricities
eccentricity
eccentricity's
eccentrics
ecclesiastic
ecclesiastic's
ecclesiastical
ecclesiastics
echelon
echelon's
echelons
echo
echo's
echoed
echoes
echoing
echos
eclectic
eclectic's
eclectically
eclecticism
eclecticism's
eclectics
eclipse
eclipse's
eclipsed
eclipses
eclipsing
ecliptic
ecliptic's
ecological
ecologically
ecologist
ecologist's
ecologists
ecology
ecology's
econometric
economic
economical
economically
economics
economics's
economies
economist
economist's
economists
economize
economized
economizes
economizing
economy
economy's
ecosystem
ecosystem's
ecosystems
ecru
ecru's
ecstasies
ecstasy
ecstasy's
ecstatic
ecstatically
ecumenical
ecumenically
eczema
eczema's
ed's
eddied
eddies
eddy
eddy's
eddying
edelweiss
edelweiss's
edema
edema's
edge
edge's
edged
edger
edges
edgeways
edgewise
edgier
edgiest
edginess
edginess's
edging
edging's
edgings
edgy
edibility
edibility's
edible
edible's
edibles
edict
edict's
edicts
edification
edification's
edifice
edifice's
edifices
edified
edifies
edify
edifying
edit
edit's
editable
edited
editing
edition
edition's
editions
editor
editor's
editorial
editorial's
editorialize
editorialized
editorializes
editorializing
editorially
editorials
editors
editorship
edits
educable
educate
educated
educates
educating
education
education's
educational
educationally
educations
educator
educator's
educators
eel
eel's
eels
eerie
eerier
eeriest
eerily
eeriness
eeriness's
eery
efface
effaced
effacement
effacement's
effaces
effacing
effect
effect's
effected
effecting
effective
effectively
effectiveness
effectiveness's
effects
effectual
effectually
effectuate
effectuated
effectuates
effectuating
effeminacy
effeminacy's
effeminate
effervesce
effervesced
effervescence
effervescence's
effervescent
effervesces
effervescing
effete
efficacious
efficaciously
efficacy
efficacy's
efficiency
efficiency's
efficient
efficiently
effigies
effigy
effigy's
effluent
effluent's
effluents
effort
effort's
effortless
effortlessly
efforts
effrontery
effrontery's
effulgence
effulgence's
effulgent
effusion
effusion's
effusions
effusive
effusively
effusiveness
effusiveness's
egalitarian
egalitarian's
egalitarianism
egalitarianism's
egalitarians
egg
egg's
eggbeater
eggbeater's
eggbeaters
egged
egghead
egghead's
eggheads
egging
eggnog
eggnog's
eggplant
eggplant's
eggplants
eggs
eggshell
eggshell's
eggshells
egis
egis's
eglantine
eglantine's
eglantines
ego
ego's
egocentric
egocentric's
egocentrics
egoism
egoism's
egoist
egoist's
egoistic
egoists
egos
egotism
egotism's
egotist
egotist's
egotistic
egotistical
egotistically
egotists
egregious
egregiously
egress
egress's
egresses
egret
egret's
egrets
eh
eider
eider's
eiderdown
eiderdown's
eiderdowns
eiders
eigenvalue
eigenvalues
eight
eight's
eighteen
eighteen's
eighteens
eighteenth
eighteenth's
eighteenths
eighth
eighth's
eighths
eighties
eightieth
eightieth's
eightieths
eights
eighty
eighty's
either
ejaculate
ejaculated
ejaculates
ejaculating
ejaculation
ejaculation's
ejaculations
eject
ejected
ejecting
ejection
ejection's
ejections
ejects
eke
eked
ekes
eking
elaborate
elaborated
elaborately
elaborateness
elaborateness's
elaborates
elaborating
elaboration
elaboration's
elaborations
elapse
elapsed
elapses
elapsing
elastic
elastic's
elasticity
elasticity's
elastics
elate
elated
elates
elating
elation
elation's
elbow
elbow's
elbowed
elbowing
elbowroom
elbowroom's
elbows
elder
elder's
elderberries
elderberry
elderberry's
elderly
elders
eldest
elect
elect's
elected
electing
election
election's
electioneer
electioneered
electioneering
electioneers
elections
elective
elective's
electives
elector
elector's
electoral
electorate
electorate's
electorates
electors
electric
electrical
electrically
electrician
electrician's
electricians
electricity
electricity's
electrification
electrification's
electrified
electrifies
electrify
electrifying
electrocardiogram
electrocardiogram's
electrocardiograms
electrocardiograph
electrocardiograph's
electrocardiographs
electrocute
electrocuted
electrocutes
electrocuting
electrocution
electrocution's
electrocutions
electrode
electrode's
electrodes
electrodynamics
electroencephalogram
electroencephalogram's
electroencephalograms
electroencephalograph
electroencephalograph's
electroencephalographs
electrolysis
electrolysis's
electrolyte
electrolyte's
electrolytes
electrolytic
electromagnet
electromagnet's
electromagnetic
electromagnetism
electromagnetism's
electromagnets
electron
electron's
electronic
electronically
electronics
electronics's
electrons
electroplate
electroplated
electroplates
electroplating
electrostatic
elects
elegance
elegance's
elegant
elegantly
elegiac
elegiac's
elegiacs
elegies
elegy
elegy's
element
element's
elemental
elementary
elements
elephant
elephant's
elephantine
elephants
elevate
elevated
elevates
elevating
elevation
elevation's
elevations
elevator
elevator's
elevators
eleven
eleven's
elevens
eleventh
eleventh's
elevenths
elf
elf's
elfin
elfish
elicit
elicited
eliciting
elicits
elide
elided
elides
eliding
eligibility
eligibility's
eligible
eliminate
eliminated
eliminates
eliminating
elimination
elimination's
eliminations
elision
elision's
elisions
elite
elite's
elites
elitism
elitism's
elitist
elitist's
elitists
elixir
elixir's
elixirs
elk
elk's
elks
ell
ell's
ellipse
ellipse's
ellipses
ellipsis
ellipsis's
elliptic
elliptical
elliptically
ells
elm
elm's
elms
elocution
elocution's
elocutionist
elocutionist's
elocutionists
elongate
elongated
elongates
elongating
elongation
elongation's
elongations
elope
eloped
elopement
elopement's
elopements
elopes
eloping
eloquence
eloquence's
eloquent
eloquently
else
elsewhere
elucidate
elucidated
elucidates
elucidating
elucidation
elucidation's
elucidations
elude
eluded
eludes
eluding
elusive
elusively
elusiveness
elusiveness's
elves
em
em's
emaciate
emaciated
emaciates
emaciating
emaciation
emaciation's
email
email's
emailed
emailing
emails
emanate
emanated
emanates
emanating
emanation
emanation's
emanations
emancipate
emancipated
emancipates
emancipating
emancipation
emancipation's
emancipator
emancipator's
emancipators
emasculate
emasculated
emasculates
emasculating
emasculation
emasculation's
embalm
embalmed
embalmer
embalmer's
embalmers
embalming
embalms
embankment
embankment's
embankments
embargo
embargo's
embargoed
embargoes
embargoing
embark
embarkation
embarkation's
embarkations
embarked
embarking
embarks
embarrass
embarrassed
embarrasses
embarrassing
embarrassingly
embarrassment
embarrassment's
embarrassments
embassies
embassy
embassy's
embattled
embed
embedded
embedding
embeds
embellish
embellished
embellishes
embellishing
embellishment
embellishment's
embellishments
ember
ember's
embers
embezzle
embezzled
embezzlement
embezzlement's
embezzler
embezzler's
embezzlers
embezzles
embezzling
embitter
embittered
embittering
embitters
emblazon
emblazoned
emblazoning
emblazons
emblem
emblem's
emblematic
emblems
embodied
embodies
embodiment
embodiment's
embody
embodying
embolden
emboldened
emboldening
emboldens
embolism
embolism's
embolisms
emboss
embossed
embosses
embossing
embrace
embrace's
embraced
embraces
embracing
embroider
embroidered
embroideries
embroidering
embroiders
embroidery
embroidery's
embroil
embroiled
embroiling
embroils
embryo
embryo's
embryologist
embryologist's
embryologists
embryology
embryology's
embryonic
embryos
emcee
emcee's
emceed
emceeing
emcees
emend
emendation
emendation's
emendations
emended
emending
emends
emerald
emerald's
emeralds
emerge
emerged
emergence
emergence's
emergencies
emergency
emergency's
emergent
emerges
emerging
emeritus
emery
emery's
emetic
emetic's
emetics
emigrant
emigrant's
emigrants
emigrate
emigrated
emigrates
emigrating
emigration
emigration's
emigrations
eminence
eminence's
eminences
eminent
eminently
emir
emir's
emirate
emirate's
emirates
emirs
emissaries
emissary
emissary's
emission
emission's
emissions
emit
emits
emitted
emitting
emollient
emollient's
emollients
emolument
emolument's
emoluments
emote
emoted
emotes
emoting
emotion
emotion's
emotional
emotionalism
emotionalism's
emotionally
emotions
emotive
empanel
empaneled
empaneling
empanels
empathetic
empathize
empathized
empathizes
empathizing
empathy
empathy's
emperor
emperor's
emperors
emphases
emphasis
emphasis's
emphasize
emphasized
emphasizes
emphasizing
emphatic
emphatically
emphysema
emphysema's
empire
empire's
empires
empirical
empirically
empiricism
empiricism's
emplacement
emplacement's
emplacements
employ
employ's
employable
employe
employe's
employed
employee
employee's
employees
employer
employer's
employers
employes
employing
employment
employment's
employments
employs
emporia
emporium
emporium's
emporiums
empower
empowered
empowering
empowerment
empowerment's
empowers
empress
empress's
empresses
emptied
emptier
empties
emptiest
emptily
emptiness
emptiness's
empty
empty's
emptying
ems
emu
emu's
emulate
emulated
emulates
emulating
emulation
emulation's
emulations
emulator
emulator's
emulators
emulsification
emulsification's
emulsified
emulsifies
emulsify
emulsifying
emulsion
emulsion's
emulsions
emus
enable
enabled
enables
enabling
enact
enacted
enacting
enactment
enactment's
enactments
enacts
enamel
enamel's
enameled
enameling
enamelled
enamelling
enamels
enamor
enamored
enamoring
enamors
encamp
encamped
encamping
encampment
encampment's
encampments
encamps
encapsulate
encapsulated
encapsulates
encapsulating
encapsulation
encapsulation's
encapsulations
encase
encased
encases
encasing
encephalitis
encephalitis's
enchant
enchanted
enchanter
enchanter's
enchanters
enchanting
enchantingly
enchantment
enchantment's
enchantments
enchantress
enchantress's
enchantresses
enchants
enchilada
enchilada's
enchiladas
encircle
encircled
encirclement
encirclement's
encircles
encircling
enclave
enclave's
enclaves
enclose
enclosed
encloses
enclosing
enclosure
enclosure's
enclosures
encode
encoded
encoder
encoder's
encoders
encodes
encoding
encompass
encompassed
encompasses
encompassing
encore
encore's
encored
encores
encoring
encounter
encounter's
encountered
encountering
encounters
encourage
encouraged
encouragement
encouragement's
encouragements
encourages
encouraging
encouragingly
encroach
encroached
encroaches
encroaching
encroachment
encroachment's
encroachments
encrust
encrustation
encrustation's
encrustations
encrusted
encrusting
encrusts
encrypt
encrypted
encryption
encrypts
encumber
encumbered
encumbering
encumbers
encumbrance
encumbrance's
encumbrances
encyclical
encyclical's
encyclicals
encyclopaedia
encyclopaedia's
encyclopaedias
encyclopedia
encyclopedia's
encyclopedias
encyclopedic
end
end's
endanger
endangered
endangering
endangers
endear
endeared
endearing
endearingly
endearment
endearment's
endearments
endears
endeavor
endeavor's
endeavored
endeavoring
endeavors
ended
endemic
endemic's
endemics
ending
ending's
endings
endive
endive's
endives
endless
endlessly
endlessness
endlessness's
endocrine
endocrine's
endocrines
endorse
endorsed
endorsement
endorsement's
endorsements
endorser
endorser's
endorsers
endorses
endorsing
endow
endowed
endowing
endowment
endowment's
endowments
endows
ends
endue
endued
endues
enduing
endurable
endurance
endurance's
endure
endured
endures
enduring
endways
endwise
enema
enema's
enemas
enemata
enemies
enemy
enemy's
energetic
energetically
energies
energize
energized
energizer
energizer's
energizers
energizes
energizing
energy
energy's
enervate
enervated
enervates
enervating
enervation
enervation's
enfeeble
enfeebled
enfeebles
enfeebling
enfold
enfolded
enfolding
enfolds
enforce
enforceable
enforced
enforcement
enforcement's
enforcer
enforcer's
enforcers
enforces
enforcing
enfranchise
enfranchised
enfranchisement
enfranchisement's
enfranchises
enfranchising
engage
engaged
engagement
engagement's
engagements
engages
engaging
engagingly
engender
engendered
engendering
engenders
engine
engine's
engineer
engineer's
engineered
engineering
engineering's
engineers
engines
engorge
engorged
engorges
engorging
engrave
engraved
engraver
engraver's
engravers
engraves
engraving
engraving's
engravings
engross
engrossed
engrosses
engrossing
engulf
engulfed
engulfing
engulfs
enhance
enhanced
enhancement
enhancement's
enhancements
enhancer
enhances
enhancing
enigma
enigma's
enigmas
enigmatic
enigmatically
enjoin
enjoined
enjoining
enjoins
enjoy
enjoyable
enjoyed
enjoying
enjoyment
enjoyment's
enjoyments
enjoys
enlarge
enlarged
enlargement
enlargement's
enlargements
enlarger
enlarger's
enlargers
enlarges
enlarging
enlighten
enlightened
enlightening
enlightenment
enlightenment's
enlightens
enlist
enlisted
enlistee
enlistee's
enlistees
enlisting
enlistment
enlistment's
enlistments
enlists
enliven
enlivened
enlivening
enlivens
enmesh
enmeshed
enmeshes
enmeshing
enmities
enmity
enmity's
ennoble
ennobled
ennoblement
ennoblement's
ennobles
ennobling
ennui
ennui's
enormities
enormity
enormity's
enormous
enormously
enormousness
enormousness's
enough
enough's
enquire
enquired
enquires
enquiries
enquiring
enquiry
enquiry's
enrage
enraged
enrages
enraging
enrapture
enraptured
enraptures
enrapturing
enrich
enriched
enriches
enriching
enrichment
enrichment's
enrol
enroll
enrolled
enrolling
enrollment
enrollment's
enrollments
enrolls
enrolment
enrolment's
enrolments
enrols
ensconce
ensconced
ensconces
ensconcing
ensemble
ensemble's
ensembles
enshrine
enshrined
enshrines
enshrining
enshroud
enshrouded
enshrouding
enshrouds
ensign
ensign's
ensigns
enslave
enslaved
enslavement
enslavement's
enslaves
enslaving
ensnare
ensnared
ensnares
ensnaring
ensue
ensued
ensues
ensuing
ensure
ensured
ensures
ensuring
entail
entailed
entailing
entails
entangle
entangled
entanglement
entanglement's
entanglements
entangles
entangling
entente
entente's
ententes
enter
entered
entering
enterprise
enterprise's
enterprises
enterprising
enters
entertain
entertained
entertainer
entertainer's
entertainers
entertaining
entertaining's
entertainingly
entertainment
entertainment's
entertainments
entertains
enthral
enthrall
enthralled
enthralling
enthralls
enthrals
enthrone
enthroned
enthronement
enthronement's
enthronements
enthrones
enthroning
enthuse
enthused
enthuses
enthusiasm
enthusiasm's
enthusiasms
enthusiast
enthusiast's
enthusiastic
enthusiastically
enthusiasts
enthusing
entice
enticed
enticement
enticement's
enticements
entices
enticing
entire
entirely
entirety
entirety's
entities
entitle
entitled
entitlement
entitlement's
entitlements
entitles
entitling
entity
entity's
entomb
entombed
entombing
entombment
entombment's
entombs
entomological
entomologist
entomologist's
entomologists
entomology
entomology's
entourage
entourage's
entourages
entrails
entrails's
entrance
entrance's
entranced
entrances
entrancing
entrant
entrant's
entrants
entrap
entrapment
entrapment's
entrapped
entrapping
entraps
entreat
entreated
entreaties
entreating
entreats
entreaty
entreaty's
entrench
entrenched
entrenches
entrenching
entrenchment
entrenchment's
entrenchments
entrepreneur
entrepreneur's
entrepreneurial
entrepreneurs
entries
entropy
entropy's
entrust
entrusted
entrusting
entrusts
entry
entry's
entryway
entryway's
entryways
entrée
entrée's
entrées
entwine
entwined
entwines
entwining
enumerable
enumerate
enumerated
enumerates
enumerating
enumeration
enumeration's
enumerations
enunciate
enunciated
enunciates
enunciating
enunciation
enunciation's
enure
enured
enures
enuring
envelop
envelope
envelope's
enveloped
envelopes
enveloping
envelopment
envelopment's
envelops
enviable
enviably
envied
envies
envious
enviously
enviousness
enviousness's
environment
environment's
environmental
environmentalism
environmentalism's
environmentalist
environmentalist's
environmentalists
environmentally
environments
environs
environs's
envisage
envisaged
envisages
envisaging
envision
envisioned
envisioning
envisions
envoy
envoy's
envoys
envy
envy's
envying
enzyme
enzyme's
enzymes
eon
eon's
eons
epaulet
epaulet's
epaulets
epaulette
epaulette's
epaulettes
ephemeral
epic
epic's
epicenter
epicenter's
epicenters
epics
epicure
epicure's
epicurean
epicurean's
epicureans
epicures
epidemic
epidemic's
epidemics
epidemiology
epidemiology's
epidermal
epidermis
epidermis's
epidermises
epiglottides
epiglottis
epiglottis's
epiglottises
epigram
epigram's
epigrammatic
epigrams
epilepsy
epilepsy's
epileptic
epileptic's
epileptics
epilog
epilog's
epilogs
epilogue
epilogue's
epilogues
episcopacy
episcopacy's
episcopal
episcopate
episcopate's
episode
episode's
episodes
episodic
epistemology
epistle
epistle's
epistles
epistolary
epitaph
epitaph's
epitaphs
epithet
epithet's
epithets
epitome
epitome's
epitomes
epitomize
epitomized
epitomizes
epitomizing
epoch
epoch's
epochal
epochs
epoxied
epoxies
epoxy
epoxy's
epoxyed
epoxying
epsilon
equability
equability's
equable
equably
equal
equal's
equaled
equaling
equality
equality's
equalization
equalization's
equalize
equalized
equalizer
equalizer's
equalizers
equalizes
equalizing
equalled
equalling
equally
equals
equanimity
equanimity's
equate
equated
equates
equating
equation
equation's
equations
equator
equator's
equatorial
equators
equestrian
equestrian's
equestrians
equestrienne
equestrienne's
equestriennes
equidistant
equilateral
equilateral's
equilaterals
equilibrium
equilibrium's
equine
equine's
equines
equinoctial
equinox
equinox's
equinoxes
equip
equipage
equipage's
equipages
equipment
equipment's
equipoise
equipoise's
equipped
equipping
equips
equitable
equitably
equities
equity
equity's
equivalence
equivalence's
equivalences
equivalent
equivalent's
equivalently
equivalents
equivocal
equivocally
equivocate
equivocated
equivocates
equivocating
equivocation
equivocation's
equivocations
era
era's
eradicate
eradicated
eradicates
eradicating
eradication
eradication's
eras
erase
erased
eraser
eraser's
erasers
erases
erasing
erasure
erasure's
erasures
ere
erect
erected
erectile
erecting
erection
erection's
erections
erectly
erectness
erectness's
erects
erg
erg's
ergo
ergonomic
ergonomics
ergonomics's
ergs
ermine
ermine's
ermines
erode
eroded
erodes
eroding
erogenous
erosion
erosion's
erosive
erotic
erotica
erotica's
erotically
eroticism
eroticism's
err
errand
errand's
errands
errant
errata
errata's
erratas
erratic
erratically
erratum
erratum's
erred
erring
erroneous
erroneously
error
error's
errors
errs
ersatz
ersatz's
ersatzes
erstwhile
erudite
eruditely
erudition
erudition's
erupt
erupted
erupting
eruption
eruption's
eruptions
erupts
erythrocyte
erythrocyte's
erythrocytes
es
escalate
escalated
escalates
escalating
escalation
escalation's
escalations
escalator
escalator's
escalators
escapade
escapade's
escapades
escape
escape's
escaped
escapee
escapee's
escapees
escapes
escaping
escapism
escapism's
escapist
escapist's
escapists
escarole
escarole's
escaroles
escarpment
escarpment's
escarpments
eschatology
eschew
eschewed
eschewing
eschews
escort
escort's
escorted
escorting
escorts
escrow
escrow's
escrows
escutcheon
escutcheon's
escutcheons
esophagi
esophagus
esophagus's
esophaguses
esoteric
esoterically
espadrille
espadrille's
espadrilles
especial
especially
espied
espies
espionage
espionage's
esplanade
esplanade's
esplanades
espousal
espousal's
espouse
espoused
espouses
espousing
espresso
espresso's
espressos
espy
espying
esquire
esquire's
esquires
essay
essay's
essayed
essaying
essayist
essayist's
essayists
essays
essence
essence's
essences
essential
essential's
essentially
essentials
establish
established
establishes
establishing
establishment
establishment's
establishments
estate
estate's
estates
esteem
esteem's
esteemed
esteeming
esteems
ester
ester's
esters
esthete
esthete's
esthetes
esthetic
esthetics
estimable
estimate
estimate's
estimated
estimates
estimating
estimation
estimation's
estimations
estimator
estimator's
estimators
estrange
estranged
estrangement
estrangement's
estrangements
estranges
estranging
estrogen
estrogen's
estuaries
estuary
estuary's
eta
etch
etched
etcher
etcher's
etchers
etches
etching
etching's
etchings
eternal
eternally
eternities
eternity
eternity's
ether
ether's
ethereal
ethereally
ethic
ethic's
ethical
ethically
ethics
ethics's
ethnic
ethnic's
ethnically
ethnicity
ethnicity's
ethnics
ethnological
ethnologist
ethnologist's
ethnologists
ethnology
ethnology's
ethos
ethos's
etiologies
etiology
etiology's
etiquette
etiquette's
etymological
etymologies
etymologist
etymologist's
etymologists
etymology
etymology's
eucalypti
eucalyptus
eucalyptus's
eucalyptuses
eugenics
eugenics's
eulogies
eulogistic
eulogize
eulogized
eulogizes
eulogizing
eulogy
eulogy's
eunuch
eunuch's
eunuchs
euphemism
euphemism's
euphemisms
euphemistic
euphemistically
euphony
euphony's
euphoria
euphoria's
euphoric
eureka
euro
euro's
euros
eutectic
euthanasia
euthanasia's
evacuate
evacuated
evacuates
evacuating
evacuation
evacuation's
evacuations
evacuee
evacuee's
evacuees
evade
evaded
evades
evading
evaluate
evaluated
evaluates
evaluating
evaluation
evaluation's
evaluations
evanescent
evangelical
evangelical's
evangelicals
evangelism
evangelism's
evangelist
evangelist's
evangelistic
evangelists
evangelize
evangelized
evangelizes
evangelizing
evaporate
evaporated
evaporates
evaporating
evaporation
evaporation's
evasion
evasion's
evasions
evasive
evasively
evasiveness
evasiveness's
eve
eve's
even
even's
evened
evener
evenest
evenhanded
evening
evening's
evenings
evenly
evenness
evenness's
evens
event
event's
eventful
eventfully
eventfulness
eventfulness's
eventide
eventide's
events
eventual
eventualities
eventuality
eventuality's
eventually
eventuate
eventuated
eventuates
eventuating
ever
everglade
everglade's
everglades
evergreen
evergreen's
evergreens
everlasting
everlasting's
everlastings
evermore
every
everybody
everybody's
everyday
everyone
everyone's
everyplace
everything
everything's
everywhere
eves
evict
evicted
evicting
eviction
eviction's
evictions
evicts
evidence
evidence's
evidenced
evidences
evidencing
evident
evidently
evil
evil's
evildoer
evildoer's
evildoers
eviler
evilest
eviller
evillest
evilly
evils
evince
evinced
evinces
evincing
eviscerate
eviscerated
eviscerates
eviscerating
evisceration
evisceration's
evocation
evocation's
evocations
evocative
evoke
evoked
evokes
evoking
evolution
evolution's
evolutionary
evolve
evolved
evolves
evolving
ewe
ewe's
ewer
ewer's
ewers
ewes
ex
ex's
exacerbate
exacerbated
exacerbates
exacerbating
exacerbation
exacerbation's
exact
exacted
exacter
exactest
exacting
exactingly
exactitude
exactitude's
exactly
exactness
exactness's
exacts
exaggerate
exaggerated
exaggerates
exaggerating
exaggeration
exaggeration's
exaggerations
exalt
exaltation
exaltation's
exalted
exalting
exalts
exam
exam's
examination
examination's
examinations
examine
examined
examiner
examiner's
examiners
examines
examining
example
example's
exampled
examples
exampling
exams
exasperate
exasperated
exasperates
exasperating
exasperation
exasperation's
excavate
excavated
excavates
excavating
excavation
excavation's
excavations
excavator
excavator's
excavators
exceed
exceeded
exceeding
exceedingly
exceeds
excel
excelled
excellence
excellence's
excellent
excellently
excelling
excels
except
excepted
excepting
exception
exception's
exceptionable
exceptional
exceptionally
exceptions
excepts
excerpt
excerpt's
excerpted
excerpting
excerpts
excess
excess's
excesses
excessive
excessively
exchange
exchange's
exchangeable
exchanged
exchanges
exchanging
exchequer
exchequer's
exchequers
excise
excise's
excised
excises
excising
excision
excision's
excisions
excitability
excitability's
excitable
excitation
excitation's
excite
excited
excitedly
excitement
excitement's
excitements
excites
exciting
excitingly
exclaim
exclaimed
exclaiming
exclaims
exclamation
exclamation's
exclamations
exclamatory
exclude
excluded
excludes
excluding
exclusion
exclusion's
exclusive
exclusive's
exclusively
exclusiveness
exclusiveness's
exclusives
exclusivity
exclusivity's
excommunicate
excommunicated
excommunicates
excommunicating
excommunication
excommunication's
excommunications
excoriate
excoriated
excoriates
excoriating
excoriation
excoriation's
excoriations
excrement
excrement's
excrescence
excrescence's
excrescences
excreta
excreta's
excrete
excreted
excretes
excreting
excretion
excretion's
excretions
excretory
excruciating
excruciatingly
exculpate
exculpated
exculpates
exculpating
excursion
excursion's
excursions
excusable
excuse
excuse's
excused
excuses
excusing
exec
exec's
execrable
execrate
execrated
execrates
execrating
execs
executable
execute
executed
executes
executing
execution
execution's
executioner
executioner's
executioners
executions
executive
executive's
executives
executor
executor's
executors
executrices
executrix
executrix's
executrixes
exegeses
exegesis
exegesis's
exemplar
exemplar's
exemplars
exemplary
exemplification
exemplification's
exemplifications
exemplified
exemplifies
exemplify
exemplifying
exempt
exempted
exempting
exemption
exemption's
exemptions
exempts
exercise
exercise's
exercised
exercises
exercising
exert
exerted
exerting
exertion
exertion's
exertions
exerts
exes
exhalation
exhalation's
exhalations
exhale
exhaled
exhales
exhaling
exhaust
exhaust's
exhausted
exhaustible
exhausting
exhaustion
exhaustion's
exhaustive
exhaustively
exhausts
exhibit
exhibit's
exhibited
exhibiting
exhibition
exhibition's
exhibitionism
exhibitionism's
exhibitionist
exhibitionist's
exhibitionists
exhibitions
exhibitor
exhibitor's
exhibitors
exhibits
exhilarate
exhilarated
exhilarates
exhilarating
exhilaration
exhilaration's
exhort
exhortation
exhortation's
exhortations
exhorted
exhorting
exhorts
exhumation
exhumation's
exhumations
exhume
exhumed
exhumes
exhuming
exigencies
exigency
exigency's
exigent
exiguous
exile
exile's
exiled
exiles
exiling
exist
existed
existence
existence's
existences
existent
existential
existentialism
existentialism's
existentialist
existentialist's
existentialists
existentially
existing
exists
exit
exit's
exited
exiting
exits
exodus
exodus's
exoduses
exonerate
exonerated
exonerates
exonerating
exoneration
exoneration's
exorbitance
exorbitance's
exorbitant
exorbitantly
exorcise
exorcised
exorcises
exorcising
exorcism
exorcism's
exorcisms
exorcist
exorcist's
exorcists
exorcize
exorcized
exorcizes
exorcizing
exotic
exotic's
exotically
exotics
expand
expandable
expanded
expanding
expands
expanse
expanse's
expanses
expansion
expansion's
expansionist
expansionist's
expansionists
expansions
expansive
expansively
expansiveness
expansiveness's
expatiate
expatiated
expatiates
expatiating
expatriate
expatriate's
expatriated
expatriates
expatriating
expatriation
expatriation's
expect
expectancy
expectancy's
expectant
expectantly
expectation
expectation's
expectations
expected
expecting
expectorant
expectorant's
expectorants
expectorate
expectorated
expectorates
expectorating
expectoration
expectoration's
expects
expedience
expedience's
expediences
expediencies
expediency
expediency's
expedient
expedient's
expediently
expedients
expedite
expedited
expediter
expediter's
expediters
expedites
expediting
expedition
expedition's
expeditionary
expeditions
expeditious
expeditiously
expeditor
expeditor's
expeditors
expel
expelled
expelling
expels
expend
expendable
expendable's
expendables
expended
expending
expenditure
expenditure's
expenditures
expends
expense
expense's
expenses
expensive
expensively
experience
experience's
experienced
experiences
experiencing
experiment
experiment's
experimental
experimentally
experimentation
experimentation's
experimented
experimenter
experimenter's
experimenters
experimenting
experiments
expert
expert's
expertise
expertise's
expertly
expertness
expertness's
experts
expiate
expiated
expiates
expiating
expiation
expiation's
expiration
expiration's
expire
expired
expires
expiring
expiry
explain
explained
explaining
explains
explanation
explanation's
explanations
explanatory
expletive
expletive's
expletives
explicable
explicate
explicated
explicates
explicating
explication
explication's
explications
explicit
explicitly
explicitness
explicitness's
explode
exploded
explodes
exploding
exploit
exploit's
exploitation
exploitation's
exploitative
exploited
exploiter
exploiter's
exploiters
exploiting
exploits
exploration
exploration's
explorations
exploratory
explore
explored
explorer
explorer's
explorers
explores
exploring
explosion
explosion's
explosions
explosive
explosive's
explosively
explosiveness
explosiveness's
explosives
expo
expo's
exponent
exponent's
exponential
exponentially
exponentiation
exponents
export
export's
exportation
exportation's
exported
exporter
exporter's
exporters
exporting
exports
expos
expose
expose's
exposed
exposes
exposing
exposition
exposition's
expositions
expository
expostulate
expostulated
expostulates
expostulating
expostulation
expostulation's
expostulations
exposure
exposure's
exposures
expound
expounded
expounding
expounds
express
express's
expressed
expresses
expressible
expressing
expression
expression's
expressionism
expressionism's
expressionist
expressionist's
expressionists
expressionless
expressions
expressive
expressively
expressiveness
expressiveness's
expressly
expressway
expressway's
expressways
expropriate
expropriated
expropriates
expropriating
expropriation
expropriation's
expropriations
expulsion
expulsion's
expulsions
expunge
expunged
expunges
expunging
expurgate
expurgated
expurgates
expurgating
expurgation
expurgation's
expurgations
exquisite
exquisitely
extant
extemporaneous
extemporaneously
extempore
extemporize
extemporized
extemporizes
extemporizing
extend
extendable
extended
extendible
extending
extends
extension
extension's
extensional
extensions
extensive
extensively
extensiveness
extensiveness's
extent
extent's
extents
extenuate
extenuated
extenuates
extenuating
extenuation
extenuation's
exterior
exterior's
exteriors
exterminate
exterminated
exterminates
exterminating
extermination
extermination's
exterminations
exterminator
exterminator's
exterminators
external
external's
externally
externals
extinct
extincted
extincting
extinction
extinction's
extinctions
extincts
extinguish
extinguishable
extinguished
extinguisher
extinguisher's
extinguishers
extinguishes
extinguishing
extirpate
extirpated
extirpates
extirpating
extirpation
extirpation's
extol
extoll
extolled
extolling
extolls
extols
extort
extorted
extorting
extortion
extortion's
extortionate
extortionist
extortionist's
extortionists
extorts
extra
extra's
extract
extract's
extracted
extracting
extraction
extraction's
extractions
extractor
extractor's
extractors
extracts
extracurricular
extradite
extradited
extradites
extraditing
extradition
extradition's
extraditions
extramarital
extraneous
extraneously
extraordinarily
extraordinary
extrapolate
extrapolated
extrapolates
extrapolating
extrapolation
extrapolation's
extrapolations
extras
extrasensory
extraterrestrial
extraterrestrial's
extraterrestrials
extravagance
extravagance's
extravagances
extravagant
extravagantly
extravaganza
extravaganza's
extravaganzas
extravert
extravert's
extraverted
extraverts
extreme
extreme's
extremely
extremer
extremes
extremest
extremism
extremism's
extremist
extremist's
extremists
extremities
extremity
extremity's
extricate
extricated
extricates
extricating
extrication
extrication's
extrinsic
extrinsically
extroversion
extroversion's
extrovert
extrovert's
extroverted
extroverts
extrude
extruded
extrudes
extruding
extrusion
extrusion's
extrusions
exuberance
exuberance's
exuberant
exuberantly
exude
exuded
exudes
exuding
exult
exultant
exultantly
exultation
exultation's
exulted
exulting
exults
eye
eye's
eyeball
eyeball's
eyeballed
eyeballing
eyeballs
eyebrow
eyebrow's
eyebrows
eyed
eyeful
eyeful's
eyefuls
eyeglass
eyeglass's
eyeglasses
eyeing
eyelash
eyelash's
eyelashes
eyelet
eyelet's
eyelets
eyelid
eyelid's
eyelids
eyeliner
eyeliner's
eyeliners
eyepiece
eyepiece's
eyepieces
eyes
eyesight
eyesight's
eyesore
eyesore's
eyesores
eyestrain
eyestrain's
eyeteeth
eyetooth
eyetooth's
eyewitness
eyewitness's
eyewitnesses
eying
eyrie
eyrie's
f
fa
fa's
fable
fable's
fabled
fables
fabric
fabric's
fabricate
fabricated
fabricates
fabricating
fabrication
fabrication's
fabrications
fabrics
fabulous
fabulously
facade
facade's
facades
face
face's
faced
faceless
facelift
facelift's
facelifts
faces
facet
facet's
faceted
faceting
facetious
facetiously
facetiousness
facetiousness's
facets
facetted
facetting
facial
facial's
facially
facials
facile
facilitate
facilitated
facilitates
facilitating
facilitation
facilitation's
facilities
facility
facility's
facing
facing's
facings
facsimile
facsimile's
facsimiled
facsimileing
facsimiles
fact
fact's
faction
faction's
factional
factionalism
factionalism's
factions
factitious
factor
factor's
factored
factorial
factories
factoring
factorization
factorize
factorizing
factors
factory
factory's
factotum
factotum's
factotums
facts
factual
factually
faculties
faculty
faculty's
fad
fad's
faddish
fade
fade's
faded
fades
fading
fads
faecal
faeces
faeces's
fag
fag's
fagged
fagging
faggot
faggot's
faggots
fagot
fagot's
fagots
fags
fail
fail's
failed
failing
failing's
failings
fails
failure
failure's
failures
fain
fainer
fainest
faint
faint's
fainted
fainter
faintest
fainthearted
fainting
faintly
faintness
faintness's
faints
fair
fair's
fairer
fairest
fairground
fairground's
fairgrounds
fairies
fairly
fairness
fairness's
fairs
fairway
fairway's
fairways
fairy
fairy's
fairyland
fairyland's
fairylands
faith
faith's
faithful
faithful's
faithfully
faithfulness
faithfulness's
faithfuls
faithless
faithlessly
faithlessness
faithlessness's
faiths
fake
fake's
faked
faker
faker's
fakers
fakes
faking
fakir
fakir's
fakirs
falcon
falcon's
falconer
falconer's
falconers
falconry
falconry's
falcons
fall
fall's
fallacies
fallacious
fallaciously
fallacy
fallacy's
fallen
fallibility
fallibility's
fallible
fallibly
falling
falloff
falloff's
falloffs
fallout
fallout's
fallow
fallow's
fallowed
fallowing
fallows
falls
false
falsehood
falsehood's
falsehoods
falsely
falseness
falseness's
falser
falsest
falsetto
falsetto's
falsettos
falsifiable
falsification
falsification's
falsifications
falsified
falsifies
falsify
falsifying
falsities
falsity
falsity's
falter
falter's
faltered
faltering
falteringly
falterings
falters
fame
fame's
famed
familial
familiar
familiar's
familiarity
familiarity's
familiarization
familiarization's
familiarize
familiarized
familiarizes
familiarizing
familiarly
familiars
families
family
family's
famine
famine's
famines
famish
famished
famishes
famishing
famous
famously
fan
fan's
fanatic
fanatic's
fanatical
fanatically
fanaticism
fanaticism's
fanatics
fancied
fancier
fancier's
fanciers
fancies
fanciest
fanciful
fancifully
fancily
fanciness
fanciness's
fancy
fancy's
fancying
fanfare
fanfare's
fanfares
fang
fang's
fangs
fanned
fannies
fanning
fanny
fanny's
fans
fantasied
fantasies
fantasize
fantasized
fantasizes
fantasizing
fantastic
fantastically
fantasy
fantasy's
fantasying
fanzine
far
faraway
farce
farce's
farces
farcical
fare
fare's
fared
fares
farewell
farewell's
farewells
farina
farina's
farinaceous
faring
farm
farm's
farmed
farmer
farmer's
farmers
farmhand
farmhand's
farmhands
farmhouse
farmhouse's
farmhouses
farming
farming's
farmland
farmland's
farms
farmyard
farmyard's
farmyards
farrow
farrow's
farrowed
farrowing
farrows
farsighted
farsightedness
farsightedness's
fart
fart's
farted
farther
farthest
farthing
farthing's
farthings
farting
farts
fascinate
fascinated
fascinates
fascinating
fascination
fascination's
fascinations
fascism
fascism's
fascist
fascist's
fascists
fashion
fashion's
fashionable
fashionably
fashioned
fashioning
fashions
fast
fast's
fasted
fasten
fastened
fastener
fastener's
fasteners
fastening
fastening's
fastenings
fastens
faster
fastest
fastidious
fastidiously
fastidiousness
fastidiousness's
fasting
fastness
fastness's
fastnesses
fasts
fat
fat's
fatal
fatalism
fatalism's
fatalist
fatalist's
fatalistic
fatalists
fatalities
fatality
fatality's
fatally
fate
fate's
fated
fateful
fatefully
fates
fathead
fathead's
fatheads
father
father's
fathered
fatherhood
fatherhood's
fathering
fatherland
fatherland's
fatherlands
fatherless
fatherly
fathers
fathom
fathom's
fathomable
fathomed
fathoming
fathomless
fathoms
fatigue
fatigue's
fatigued
fatigues
fatigues's
fatiguing
fating
fatness
fatness's
fats
fatten
fattened
fattening
fattens
fatter
fattest
fattier
fatties
fattiest
fatty
fatty's
fatuous
fatuously
fatuousness
fatuousness's
faucet
faucet's
faucets
fault
fault's
faulted
faultfinding
faultfinding's
faultier
faultiest
faultily
faultiness
faultiness's
faulting
faultless
faultlessly
faults
faulty
faun
faun's
fauna
fauna's
faunae
faunas
fauns
favor
favor's
favorable
favorably
favored
favoring
favorite
favorite's
favorites
favoritism
favoritism's
favors
fawn
fawn's
fawned
fawning
fawns
fax
fax's
faxed
faxes
faxing
faze
fazed
fazes
fazing
fealty
fealty's
fear
fear's
feared
fearful
fearfully
fearfulness
fearfulness's
fearing
fearless
fearlessly
fearlessness
fearlessness's
fears
fearsome
feasibility
feasibility's
feasible
feasibly
feast
feast's
feasted
feasting
feasts
feat
feat's
feather
feather's
featherbedding
featherbedding's
feathered
featherier
featheriest
feathering
feathers
featherweight
featherweight's
featherweights
feathery
feats
feature
feature's
featured
featureless
features
featuring
febrile
fecal
feces
feces's
feckless
fecund
fecundity
fecundity's
fed
fed's
federal
federal's
federalism
federalism's
federalist
federalist's
federalists
federally
federals
federate
federated
federates
federating
federation
federation's
federations
fedora
fedora's
fedoras
feds
fee
fee's
feeble
feebleness
feebleness's
feebler
feeblest
feebly
feed
feed's
feedback
feedback's
feedbag
feedbag's
feedbags
feeder
feeder's
feeders
feeding
feeding's
feedings
feeds
feel
feel's
feeler
feeler's
feelers
feeling
feeling's
feelingly
feelings
feels
fees
feet
feign
feigned
feigning
feigns
feint
feint's
feinted
feinting
feints
feistier
feistiest
feisty
feldspar
feldspar's
felicities
felicitous
felicity
felicity's
feline
feline's
felines
fell
fell's
fellatio
fellatio's
felled
feller
fellest
felling
fellow
fellow's
fellows
fellowship
fellowship's
fellowships
fells
felon
felon's
felonies
felonious
felons
felony
felony's
felt
felt's
felted
felting
felts
female
female's
females
feminine
feminine's
feminines
femininity
femininity's
feminism
feminism's
feminist
feminist's
feminists
femora
femoral
femur
femur's
femurs
fen
fen's
fence
fence's
fenced
fencer
fencer's
fencers
fences
fencing
fencing's
fend
fended
fender
fender's
fenders
fending
fends
fennel
fennel's
fens
fer
feral
ferment
ferment's
fermentation
fermentation's
fermented
fermenting
ferments
fern
fern's
ferns
ferocious
ferociously
ferociousness
ferociousness's
ferocity
ferocity's
ferret
ferret's
ferreted
ferreting
ferrets
ferric
ferried
ferries
ferrous
ferrule
ferrule's
ferrules
ferry
ferry's
ferryboat
ferryboat's
ferryboats
ferrying
fertile
fertility
fertility's
fertilization
fertilization's
fertilize
fertilized
fertilizer
fertilizer's
fertilizers
fertilizes
fertilizing
fervency
fervency's
fervent
fervently
fervid
fervidly
fervor
fervor's
fest
fest's
festal
fester
fester's
festered
festering
festers
festival
festival's
festivals
festive
festively
festivities
festivity
festivity's
festoon
festoon's
festooned
festooning
festoons
fests
feta
feta's
fetal
fetch
fetched
fetches
fetching
fetchingly
feted
fetich
fetich's
fetiches
fetid
feting
fetish
fetish's
fetishes
fetishism
fetishism's
fetishist
fetishist's
fetishistic
fetishists
fetlock
fetlock's
fetlocks
fetter
fetter's
fettered
fettering
fetters
fettle
fettle's
fetus
fetus's
fetuses
feud
feud's
feudal
feudalism
feudalism's
feudalistic
feuded
feuding
feuds
fever
fever's
fevered
feverish
feverishly
fevers
few
few's
fewer
fewest
fey
fez
fez's
fezes
fezzes
fiancé
fiancé's
fiancée
fiancée's
fiancées
fiancés
fiasco
fiasco's
fiascoes
fiascos
fiat
fiat's
fiats
fib
fib's
fibbed
fibber
fibber's
fibbers
fibbing
fiber
fiber's
fiberboard
fiberboard's
fiberglass
fiberglass's
fibers
fibroid
fibrous
fibs
fibula
fibula's
fibulae
fibulas
fiche
fiche's
fiches
fickle
fickleness
fickleness's
fickler
ficklest
fiction
fiction's
fictional
fictionalize
fictionalized
fictionalizes
fictionalizing
fictions
fictitious
fiddle
fiddle's
fiddled
fiddler
fiddler's
fiddlers
fiddles
fiddlesticks
fiddling
fiddly
fidelity
fidelity's
fidget
fidget's
fidgeted
fidgeting
fidgets
fidgety
fiduciaries
fiduciary
fiduciary's
fie
fief
fief's
fiefs
field
field's
fielded
fielder
fielder's
fielders
fielding
fields
fieldwork
fieldwork's
fiend
fiend's
fiendish
fiendishly
fiends
fierce
fiercely
fierceness
fierceness's
fiercer
fiercest
fierier
fieriest
fieriness
fieriness's
fiery
fiesta
fiesta's
fiestas
fife
fife's
fifes
fifteen
fifteen's
fifteens
fifteenth
fifteenth's
fifteenths
fifth
fifth's
fifths
fifties
fiftieth
fiftieth's
fiftieths
fifty
fifty's
fig
fig's
fight
fight's
fighter
fighter's
fighters
fighting
fighting's
fights
figment
figment's
figments
figs
figurative
figuratively
figure
figure's
figured
figurehead
figurehead's
figureheads
figures
figurine
figurine's
figurines
figuring
filament
filament's
filamentous
filaments
filbert
filbert's
filberts
filch
filched
filches
filching
file
file's
filed
files
filet
filet's
filets
filial
filibuster
filibuster's
filibustered
filibustering
filibusters
filigree
filigree's
filigreed
filigreeing
filigrees
filing
filing's
filings
fill
fill's
filled
filler
filler's
fillers
fillet
fillet's
filleted
filleting
fillets
fillies
filling
filling's
fillings
fillip
fillip's
filliped
filliping
fillips
fills
filly
filly's
film
film's
filmed
filmier
filmiest
filming
filmmaker
filmmaker's
filmmakers
films
filmstrip
filmstrip's
filmstrips
filmy
filter
filter's
filterable
filtered
filtering
filters
filth
filth's
filthier
filthiest
filthiness
filthiness's
filthy
filtrable
filtrate
filtrate's
filtrated
filtrates
filtrating
filtration
filtration's
fin
fin's
finagle
finagled
finagler
finagler's
finaglers
finagles
finagling
final
final's
finale
finale's
finales
finalist
finalist's
finalists
finality
finality's
finalize
finalized
finalizes
finalizing
finally
finals
finance
finance's
financed
finances
financial
financially
financier
financier's
financiers
financing
financing's
finch
finch's
finches
find
find's
finder
finder's
finders
finding
finding's
findings
finds
fine
fine's
fined
finely
fineness
fineness's
finer
finery
finery's
fines
finesse
finesse's
finessed
finesses
finessing
finest
finger
finger's
fingerboard
fingerboard's
fingerboards
fingered
fingering
fingering's
fingerings
fingernail
fingernail's
fingernails
fingerprint
fingerprint's
fingerprinted
fingerprinting
fingerprints
fingers
fingertip
fingertip's
fingertips
finickier
finickiest
finicky
fining
finis
finis's
finises
finish
finish's
finished
finisher
finisher's
finishers
finishes
finishing
finite
finitely
fink
fink's
finked
finking
finks
finnier
finniest
finny
fins
fiord
fiord's
fiords
fir
fir's
fire
fire's
firearm
firearm's
firearms
fireball
fireball's
fireballs
firebomb
firebomb's
firebombed
firebombing
firebombs
firebrand
firebrand's
firebrands
firebreak
firebreak's
firebreaks
firebug
firebug's
firebugs
firecracker
firecracker's
firecrackers
fired
firefight
firefight's
firefighter
firefighter's
firefighters
firefighting
firefighting's
firefights
fireflies
firefly
firefly's
firehouse
firehouse's
firehouses
fireman
fireman's
firemen
fireplace
fireplace's
fireplaces
fireplug
fireplug's
fireplugs
firepower
firepower's
fireproof
fireproofed
fireproofing
fireproofs
fires
fireside
fireside's
firesides
firestorm
firestorm's
firestorms
firetrap
firetrap's
firetraps
firewall
firewall's
firewalls
firewater
firewater's
firewood
firewood's
firework
firework's
fireworks
firing
firm
firm's
firmament
firmament's
firmaments
firmed
firmer
firmest
firming
firmly
firmness
firmness's
firms
firmware
firs
first
first's
firstborn
firstborn's
firstborns
firsthand
firstly
firsts
firth
firth's
firths
fiscal
fiscal's
fiscally
fiscals
fish
fish's
fishbowl
fishbowl's
fishbowls
fished
fisher
fisher's
fisheries
fisherman
fisherman's
fishermen
fishers
fishery
fishery's
fishes
fishhook
fishhook's
fishhooks
fishier
fishiest
fishing
fishing's
fishnet
fishnet's
fishnets
fishtail
fishtailed
fishtailing
fishtails
fishwife
fishwife's
fishwives
fishy
fission
fission's
fissure
fissure's
fissures
fist
fist's
fistful
fistful's
fistfuls
fisticuffs
fisticuffs's
fists
fit
fit's
fitful
fitfully
fitly
fitness
fitness's
fits
fitted
fitter
fitter's
fitters
fittest
fitting
fitting's
fittingly
fittings
five
five's
fiver
fives
fix
fix's
fixable
fixate
fixated
fixates
fixating
fixation
fixation's
fixations
fixative
fixative's
fixatives
fixed
fixedly
fixer
fixer's
fixers
fixes
fixing
fixings
fixings's
fixity
fixity's
fixture
fixture's
fixtures
fizz
fizz's
fizzed
fizzes
fizzier
fizziest
fizzing
fizzle
fizzle's
fizzled
fizzles
fizzling
fizzy
fjord
fjord's
fjords
flab
flab's
flabbergast
flabbergasted
flabbergasting
flabbergasts
flabbier
flabbiest
flabbiness
flabbiness's
flabby
flaccid
flack
flack's
flacks
flag
flag's
flagella
flagellate
flagellated
flagellates
flagellating
flagellation
flagellation's
flagellum
flagellum's
flagellums
flagged
flagging
flagon
flagon's
flagons
flagpole
flagpole's
flagpoles
flagrant
flagrantly
flags
flagship
flagship's
flagships
flagstaff
flagstaff's
flagstaffs
flagstone
flagstone's
flagstones
flail
flail's
flailed
flailing
flails
flair
flair's
flairs
flak
flak's
flake
flake's
flaked
flakes
flakier
flakiest
flakiness
flakiness's
flaking
flaky
flambeing
flambes
flamboyance
flamboyance's
flamboyant
flamboyantly
flambé
flambé's
flambéed
flame
flame's
flamed
flamenco
flamenco's
flamencos
flames
flamethrower
flamethrower's
flamethrowers
flaming
flamingo
flamingo's
flamingoes
flamingos
flamings
flammability
flammability's
flammable
flammable's
flammables
flan
flange
flange's
flanges
flank
flank's
flanked
flanking
flanks
flannel
flannel's
flanneled
flannelet
flannelet's
flannelette
flannelette's
flanneling
flannelled
flannelling
flannels
flap
flap's
flapjack
flapjack's
flapjacks
flapped
flapper
flapper's
flappers
flapping
flaps
flare
flare's
flared
flares
flaring
flash
flash's
flashback
flashback's
flashbacks
flashbulb
flashbulb's
flashbulbs
flashed
flasher
flasher's
flashers
flashes
flashest
flashgun
flashgun's
flashguns
flashier
flashiest
flashily
flashiness
flashiness's
flashing
flashing's
flashlight
flashlight's
flashlights
flashy
flask
flask's
flasks
flat
flat's
flatbed
flatbed's
flatbeds
flatboat
flatboat's
flatboats
flatcar
flatcar's
flatcars
flatfeet
flatfish
flatfish's
flatfishes
flatfoot
flatfoot's
flatfooted
flatfoots
flatiron
flatiron's
flatirons
flatly
flatness
flatness's
flats
flatted
flatten
flattened
flattening
flattens
flatter
flattered
flatterer
flatterer's
flatterers
flattering
flatteringly
flatters
flattery
flattery's
flattest
flatting
flattop
flattop's
flattops
flatulence
flatulence's
flatulent
flatware
flatware's
flaunt
flaunt's
flaunted
flaunting
flaunts
flavor
flavor's
flavored
flavorful
flavoring
flavoring's
flavorings
flavorless
flavors
flaw
flaw's
flawed
flawing
flawless
flawlessly
flaws
flax
flax's
flaxen
flay
flayed
flaying
flays
flea
flea's
fleas
fleck
fleck's
flecked
flecking
flecks
fled
fledged
fledgeling
fledgeling's
fledgelings
fledgling
fledgling's
fledglings
flee
fleece
fleece's
fleeced
fleeces
fleecier
fleeciest
fleecing
fleecy
fleeing
flees
fleet
fleet's
fleeted
fleeter
fleetest
fleeting
fleetingly
fleetingly's
fleetness
fleetness's
fleets
flesh
flesh's
fleshed
fleshes
fleshier
fleshiest
fleshing
fleshlier
fleshliest
fleshly
fleshy
flew
flex
flex's
flexed
flexes
flexibility
flexibility's
flexible
flexibly
flexing
flexitime
flexitime's
flextime
flextime's
flibbertigibbet
flibbertigibbet's
flibbertigibbets
flick
flick's
flicked
flicker
flicker's
flickered
flickering
flickers
flicking
flicks
flied
flier
flier's
fliers
flies
fliest
flight
flight's
flightier
flightiest
flightiness
flightiness's
flightless
flights
flighty
flimflam
flimflam's
flimflammed
flimflamming
flimflams
flimsier
flimsiest
flimsily
flimsiness
flimsiness's
flimsy
flinch
flinch's
flinched
flinches
flinching
fling
fling's
flinging
flings
flint
flint's
flintier
flintiest
flintlock
flintlock's
flintlocks
flints
flinty
flip
flip's
flippancy
flippancy's
flippant
flippantly
flipped
flipper
flipper's
flippers
flippest
flipping
flips
flirt
flirt's
flirtation
flirtation's
flirtations
flirtatious
flirtatiously
flirted
flirting
flirts
flit
flit's
flits
flitted
flitting
float
float's
floatation
floatation's
floatations
floated
floater
floater's
floaters
floating
floats
flock
flock's
flocked
flocking
flocks
floe
floe's
floes
flog
flogged
flogging
flogging's
floggings
flogs
flood
flood's
flooded
flooder
floodgate
floodgate's
floodgates
flooding
floodlight
floodlight's
floodlighted
floodlighting
floodlights
floodlit
floods
floor
floor's
floorboard
floorboard's
floorboards
floored
flooring
flooring's
floors
floozie
floozie's
floozies
floozy
floozy's
flop
flop's
flophouse
flophouse's
flophouses
flopped
floppier
floppies
floppiest
floppiness
floppiness's
flopping
floppy
floppy's
flops
flora
flora's
florae
floral
floras
florid
floridly
florin
florin's
florins
florist
florist's
florists
floss
floss's
flossed
flosses
flossing
flotation
flotation's
flotations
flotilla
flotilla's
flotillas
flotsam
flotsam's
flounce
flounce's
flounced
flounces
flouncing
flounder
flounder's
floundered
floundering
flounders
flour
flour's
floured
flouring
flourish
flourish's
flourished
flourishes
flourishing
flours
floury
flout
flout's
flouted
flouting
flouts
flow
flow's
flowed
flower
flower's
flowerbed
flowerbed's
flowerbeds
flowered
flowerier
floweriest
floweriness
floweriness's
flowering
flowerpot
flowerpot's
flowerpots
flowers
flowery
flowing
flown
flows
flu
flu's
flub
flub's
flubbed
flubbing
flubs
fluctuate
fluctuated
fluctuates
fluctuating
fluctuation
fluctuation's
fluctuations
flue
flue's
fluency
fluency's
fluent
fluently
flues
fluff
fluff's
fluffed
fluffier
fluffiest
fluffiness
fluffiness's
fluffing
fluffs
fluffy
fluid
fluid's
fluidity
fluidity's
fluidly
fluids
fluke
fluke's
flukes
flukey
flukier
flukiest
fluky
flume
flume's
flumes
flummox
flummoxed
flummoxes
flummoxing
flung
flunk
flunk's
flunked
flunkey
flunkey's
flunkeys
flunkie
flunkie's
flunkies
flunking
flunks
flunky
flunky's
fluoresce
fluoresced
fluorescence
fluorescence's
fluorescent
fluoresces
fluorescing
fluoridate
fluoridated
fluoridates
fluoridating
fluoridation
fluoridation's
fluoride
fluoride's
fluorides
fluorine
fluorine's
fluorite
fluorite's
fluorocarbon
fluorocarbon's
fluorocarbons
fluoroscope
fluoroscope's
fluoroscopes
flurried
flurries
flurry
flurry's
flurrying
flush
flush's
flushed
flusher
flushes
flushest
flushing
fluster
fluster's
flustered
flustering
flusters
flute
flute's
fluted
flutes
fluting
fluting's
flutist
flutist's
flutists
flutter
flutter's
fluttered
fluttering
flutters
fluttery
flux
flux's
fluxed
fluxes
fluxing
fly
fly's
flyby
flyby's
flybys
flycatcher
flycatcher's
flycatchers
flyer
flyer's
flyers
flying
flying's
flyleaf
flyleaf's
flyleaves
flyover
flyover's
flyovers
flypaper
flypaper's
flypapers
flysheet
flyspeck
flyspeck's
flyspecked
flyspecking
flyspecks
flyswatter
flyswatter's
flyswatters
flyweight
flyweight's
flyweights
flywheel
flywheel's
flywheels
fo'c's'le
fo'c's'le's
fo'c's'les
fo'c'sle
fo'c'sle's
fo'c'sles
foal
foal's
foaled
foaling
foals
foam
foam's
foamed
foamier
foamiest
foaming
foams
foamy
fob
fob's
fobbed
fobbing
fobs
focal
foci
focus
focus's
focused
focuses
focusing
focussed
focusses
focussing
fodder
fodder's
fodders
foe
foe's
foes
foetal
foetus
foetus's
foetuses
fog
fog's
fogbound
fogey
fogey's
fogeys
fogged
foggier
foggiest
fogginess
fogginess's
fogging
foggy
foghorn
foghorn's
foghorns
fogies
fogs
fogy
fogy's
foible
foible's
foibles
foil
foil's
foiled
foiling
foils
foist
foisted
foisting
foists
fold
fold's
foldaway
folded
folder
folder's
folders
folding
folds
foliage
foliage's
folio
folio's
folios
folk
folk's
folklore
folklore's
folks
folksier
folksiest
folksy
follicle
follicle's
follicles
follies
follow
followed
follower
follower's
followers
following
following's
followings
follows
folly
folly's
foment
fomentation
fomentation's
fomented
fomenting
foments
fond
fondant
fondant's
fondants
fonder
fondest
fondle
fondled
fondles
fondling
fondly
fondness
fondness's
fondu
fondu's
fondue
fondue's
fondues
fondus
font
font's
fonts
food
food's
foods
foodstuff
foodstuff's
foodstuffs
fool
fool's
fooled
fooleries
foolery
foolery's
foolhardier
foolhardiest
foolhardiness
foolhardiness's
foolhardy
fooling
foolish
foolishly
foolishness
foolishness's
foolproof
fools
foolscap
foolscap's
foot
foot's
footage
footage's
football
football's
footballer
footballer's
footballers
footballs
footbridge
footbridge's
footbridges
footed
footfall
footfall's
footfalls
foothill
foothill's
foothills
foothold
foothold's
footholds
footing
footing's
footings
footlights
footlights's
footlocker
footlocker's
footlockers
footloose
footman
footman's
footmen
footnote
footnote's
footnoted
footnotes
footnoting
footpath
footpath's
footpaths
footprint
footprint's
footprints
footrest
footrest's
footrests
foots
footsie
footsie's
footsies
footsore
footstep
footstep's
footsteps
footstool
footstool's
footstools
footwear
footwear's
footwork
footwork's
fop
fop's
foppish
fops
for
fora
forage
forage's
foraged
forager
forager's
foragers
forages
foraging
foray
foray's
forayed
foraying
forays
forbad
forbade
forbear
forbear's
forbearance
forbearance's
forbearing
forbears
forbid
forbidden
forbidding
forbiddingly
forbiddings
forbids
forbore
forborne
force
force's
forced
forceful
forcefully
forcefulness
forcefulness's
forceps
forceps's
forces
forcible
forcibly
forcing
ford
ford's
forded
fording
fords
fore
fore's
forearm
forearm's
forearmed
forearming
forearms
forebear
forebear's
forebears
forebode
foreboded
forebodes
foreboding
foreboding's
forebodings
forecast
forecast's
forecasted
forecaster
forecaster's
forecasters
forecasting
forecastle
forecastle's
forecastles
forecasts
foreclose
foreclosed
forecloses
foreclosing
foreclosure
foreclosure's
foreclosures
forefather
forefather's
forefathers
forefeet
forefinger
forefinger's
forefingers
forefoot
forefoot's
forefront
forefront's
forefronts
foregather
foregathered
foregathering
foregathers
forego
foregoes
foregoing
foregone
foreground
foreground's
foregrounded
foregrounding
foregrounds
forehand
forehand's
forehands
forehead
forehead's
foreheads
foreign
foreigner
foreigner's
foreigners
foreknowledge
foreknowledge's
foreleg
foreleg's
forelegs
forelock
forelock's
forelocks
foreman
foreman's
foremast
foremast's
foremasts
foremen
foremost
forename
forename's
forenames
forenoon
forenoon's
forenoons
forensic
forensic's
forensics
foreordain
foreordained
foreordaining
foreordains
foreplay
foreplay's
forerunner
forerunner's
forerunners
fores
foresail
foresail's
foresails
foresaw
foresee
foreseeable
foreseeing
foreseen
foresees
foreshadow
foreshadowed
foreshadowing
foreshadows
foreshorten
foreshortened
foreshortening
foreshortens
foresight
foresight's
foreskin
foreskin's
foreskins
forest
forest's
forestall
forestalled
forestalling
forestalls
forestation
forestation's
forested
forester
forester's
foresters
foresting
forestry
forestry's
forests
foreswear
foreswearing
foreswears
foreswore
foresworn
foretaste
foretaste's
foretasted
foretastes
foretasting
foretell
foretelling
foretells
forethought
forethought's
foretold
forever
forever's
forevermore
forewarn
forewarned
forewarning
forewarns
forewent
forewoman
forewoman's
forewomen
foreword
foreword's
forewords
forfeit
forfeit's
forfeited
forfeiting
forfeits
forfeiture
forfeiture's
forgather
forgathered
forgathering
forgathers
forgave
forge
forge's
forged
forger
forger's
forgeries
forgers
forgery
forgery's
forges
forget
forgetful
forgetfully
forgetfulness
forgetfulness's
forgets
forgettable
forgetting
forging
forgivable
forgive
forgiven
forgiveness
forgiveness's
forgives
forgiving
forgo
forgoes
forgoing
forgone
forgot
forgotten
fork
fork's
forked
forking
forklift
forklift's
forklifts
forks
forlorn
forlornly
form
form's
formal
formal's
formaldehyde
formaldehyde's
formalism
formalism's
formalities
formality
formality's
formalization
formalization's
formalize
formalized
formalizes
formalizing
formally
formals
format
format's
formation
formation's
formations
formative
formats
formatted
formatting
formed
former
former's
formerly
formidable
formidably
forming
formless
formlessly
formlessness
formlessness's
forms
formula
formula's
formulae
formulaic
formulas
formulate
formulated
formulates
formulating
formulation
formulation's
formulations
fornicate
fornicated
fornicates
fornicating
fornication
fornication's
forsake
forsaken
forsakes
forsaking
forsook
forsooth
forswear
forswearing
forswears
forswore
forsworn
forsythia
forsythia's
forsythias
fort
fort's
forte
forte's
fortes
forth
forthcoming
forthcoming's
forthright
forthrightly
forthrightness
forthrightness's
forthwith
forties
fortieth
fortieth's
fortieths
fortification
fortification's
fortifications
fortified
fortifies
fortify
fortifying
fortissimo
fortitude
fortitude's
fortnight
fortnight's
fortnightly
fortnights
fortress
fortress's
fortresses
forts
fortuitous
fortuitously
fortunate
fortunately
fortune
fortune's
fortunes
forty
forty's
forum
forum's
forums
forward
forward's
forwarded
forwarder
forwardest
forwarding
forwardness
forwardness's
forwards
forwent
fossil
fossil's
fossilization
fossilization's
fossilize
fossilized
fossilizes
fossilizing
fossils
foster
fostered
fostering
fosters
fought
foul
foul's
fouled
fouler
foulest
fouling
foully
foulness
foulness's
fouls
found
foundation
foundation's
foundations
founded
founder
founder's
foundered
foundering
founders
founding
foundling
foundling's
foundlings
foundries
foundry
foundry's
founds
fount
fount's
fountain
fountain's
fountainhead
fountainhead's
fountainheads
fountains
founts
four
four's
fourfold
fours
fourscore
fourscore's
foursome
foursome's
foursomes
foursquare
fourteen
fourteen's
fourteens
fourteenth
fourteenth's
fourteenths
fourth
fourth's
fourthly
fourths
fowl
fowl's
fowled
fowling
fowls
fox
fox's
foxed
foxes
foxglove
foxglove's
foxgloves
foxhole
foxhole's
foxholes
foxhound
foxhound's
foxhounds
foxier
foxiest
foxing
foxtrot
foxtrot's
foxtrots
foxtrotted
foxtrotting
foxy
foyer
foyer's
foyers
fracas
fracas's
fracases
fractal
fractal's
fractals
fraction
fraction's
fractional
fractionally
fractions
fractious
fractiously
fracture
fracture's
fractured
fractures
fracturing
fragile
fragility
fragility's
fragment
fragment's
fragmentary
fragmentary's
fragmentation
fragmentation's
fragmented
fragmenting
fragments
fragrance
fragrance's
fragrances
fragrant
fragrantly
frail
frailer
frailest
frailties
frailty
frailty's
frame
frame's
framed
framer
framer's
framers
frames
framework
framework's
frameworks
framing
franc
franc's
franchise
franchise's
franchised
franchisee
franchisee's
franchisees
franchiser
franchiser's
franchisers
franchises
franchising
francs
frank
frank's
franked
franker
frankest
frankfurter
frankfurter's
frankfurters
frankincense
frankincense's
franking
frankly
frankness
frankness's
franks
frantic
frantically
frappes
frappé
frappé's
frat
frat's
fraternal
fraternally
fraternities
fraternity
fraternity's
fraternization
fraternization's
fraternize
fraternized
fraternizes
fraternizing
fratricide
fratricide's
fratricides
frats
fraud
fraud's
frauds
fraudulence
fraudulence's
fraudulent
fraudulently
fraught
fray
fray's
frayed
fraying
frays
frazzle
frazzle's
frazzled
frazzles
frazzling
freak
freak's
freaked
freakier
freakiest
freaking
freakish
freaks
freaky
freckle
freckle's
freckled
freckles
freckling
free
freebase
freebase's
freebased
freebases
freebasing
freebee
freebee's
freebees
freebie
freebie's
freebies
freebooter
freebooter's
freebooters
freed
freedman
freedman's
freedmen
freedom
freedom's
freedoms
freehand
freehold
freehold's
freeholder
freeholder's
freeholders
freeholds
freeing
freelance
freelance's
freelanced
freelancer
freelancer's
freelancers
freelances
freelancing
freeload
freeloaded
freeloader
freeloader's
freeloaders
freeloading
freeloads
freely
freeman
freeman's
freemen
freer
frees
freest
freestanding
freestyle
freestyle's
freestyles
freethinker
freethinker's
freethinkers
freethinking
freethinking's
freeway
freeway's
freeways
freewheel
freewheeled
freewheeling
freewheels
freewill
freeze
freeze's
freezer
freezer's
freezers
freezes
freezing
freezing's
freight
freight's
freighted
freighter
freighter's
freighters
freighting
freights
french
frenetic
frenetically
frenzied
frenziedly
frenzies
frenzy
frenzy's
frequencies
frequency
frequency's
frequent
frequented
frequenter
frequentest
frequenting
frequently
frequents
fresco
fresco's
frescoes
frescos
fresh
freshen
freshened
freshening
freshens
fresher
freshest
freshet
freshet's
freshets
freshly
freshman
freshman's
freshmen
freshness
freshness's
freshwater
freshwater's
fret
fret's
fretful
fretfully
fretfulness
fretfulness's
frets
fretted
fretting
fretwork
fretwork's
friable
friar
friar's
friars
fricassee
fricassee's
fricasseed
fricasseeing
fricassees
friction
friction's
fridge
fridge's
fridges
fried
friend
friend's
friendless
friendlier
friendlies
friendliest
friendliness
friendliness's
friendly
friendly's
friends
friendship
friendship's
friendships
frier
frier's
friers
fries
frieze
frieze's
friezes
frigate
frigate's
frigates
fright
fright's
frighted
frighten
frightened
frightening
frighteningly
frightens
frightful
frightfully
frighting
frights
frigid
frigidity
frigidity's
frigidly
frill
frill's
frillier
frilliest
frills
frilly
fringe
fringe's
fringed
fringes
fringing
fripperies
frippery
frippery's
frisk
frisked
friskier
friskiest
friskily
friskiness
friskiness's
frisking
frisks
frisky
fritter
fritter's
frittered
frittering
fritters
frivolities
frivolity
frivolity's
frivolous
frivolously
frizz
frizz's
frizzed
frizzes
frizzier
frizziest
frizzing
frizzle
frizzle's
frizzled
frizzles
frizzling
frizzy
fro
frock
frock's
frocks
frog
frog's
frogman
frogman's
frogmen
frogs
frolic
frolic's
frolicked
frolicking
frolics
frolicsome
from
frond
frond's
fronds
front
front's
frontage
frontage's
frontages
frontal
frontally
fronted
frontier
frontier's
frontiers
frontiersman
frontiersman's
frontiersmen
fronting
frontispiece
frontispiece's
frontispieces
frontrunner
frontrunner's
frontrunners
fronts
frost
frost's
frostbit
frostbite
frostbite's
frostbites
frostbiting
frostbitten
frosted
frostier
frostiest
frostily
frostiness
frostiness's
frosting
frosting's
frosts
frosty
froth
froth's
frothed
frothier
frothiest
frothing
froths
frothy
frown
frown's
frowned
frowning
frowns
frowsier
frowsiest
frowsy
frowzier
frowziest
frowzy
froze
frozen
fructified
fructifies
fructify
fructifying
fructose
fructose's
frugal
frugality
frugality's
frugally
fruit
fruit's
fruitcake
fruitcake's
fruitcakes
fruited
fruitful
fruitfully
fruitfulness
fruitfulness's
fruitier
fruitiest
fruiting
fruition
fruition's
fruitless
fruitlessly
fruitlessness
fruitlessness's
fruits
fruity
frump
frump's
frumpier
frumpiest
frumps
frumpy
frustrate
frustrated
frustrates
frustrating
frustration
frustration's
frustrations
fry
fry's
fryer
fryer's
fryers
frying
fuchsia
fuchsia's
fuchsias
fuck
fuck's
fucked
fucker
fucker's
fuckers
fucking
fucks
fuddle
fuddle's
fuddled
fuddles
fuddling
fudge
fudge's
fudged
fudges
fudging
fuel
fuel's
fueled
fueling
fuelled
fuelling
fuels
fugitive
fugitive's
fugitives
fugue
fugue's
fugues
fulcra
fulcrum
fulcrum's
fulcrums
fulfil
fulfill
fulfilled
fulfilling
fulfillment
fulfillment's
fulfills
fulfilment
fulfilment's
fulfils
full
full's
fullback
fullback's
fullbacks
fulled
fuller
fullest
fulling
fullness
fullness's
fulls
fully
fulminate
fulminated
fulminates
fulminating
fulmination
fulmination's
fulminations
fulness
fulness's
fulsome
fumble
fumble's
fumbled
fumbler
fumbler's
fumblers
fumbles
fumbling
fume
fume's
fumed
fumes
fumigate
fumigated
fumigates
fumigating
fumigation
fumigation's
fumigator
fumigator's
fumigators
fuming
fun
fun's
function
function's
functional
functionality
functionally
functionaries
functionary
functionary's
functioned
functioning
functions
fund
fund's
fundamental
fundamental's
fundamentalism
fundamentalism's
fundamentalist
fundamentalist's
fundamentalists
fundamentally
fundamentals
funded
funding
funding's
funds
funeral
funeral's
funerals
funereal
funereally
fungal
fungi
fungicidal
fungicide
fungicide's
fungicides
fungous
fungus
fungus's
funguses
funicular
funicular's
funiculars
funk
funk's
funked
funkier
funkiest
funking
funks
funky
funnel
funnel's
funneled
funneling
funnelled
funnelling
funnels
funner
funnest
funnier
funnies
funniest
funnily
funniness
funniness's
funny
funny's
fur
fur's
furbelow
furbelow's
furbish
furbished
furbishes
furbishing
furies
furious
furiously
furl
furl's
furled
furling
furlong
furlong's
furlongs
furlough
furlough's
furloughed
furloughing
furloughs
furls
furnace
furnace's
furnaces
furnish
furnished
furnishes
furnishing
furnishings
furnishings's
furniture
furniture's
furor
furor's
furors
furred
furrier
furrier's
furriers
furriest
furring
furrow
furrow's
furrowed
furrowing
furrows
furry
furs
further
furtherance
furtherance's
furthered
furthering
furthermore
furthermost
furthers
furthest
furtive
furtively
furtiveness
furtiveness's
fury
fury's
furze
furze's
fuse
fuse's
fused
fuselage
fuselage's
fuselages
fuses
fusible
fusillade
fusillade's
fusillades
fusing
fusion
fusion's
fusions
fuss
fuss's
fussbudget
fussbudget's
fussbudgets
fussed
fusses
fussier
fussiest
fussily
fussiness
fussiness's
fussing
fussy
fustian
fustian's
fustier
fustiest
fusty
futile
futilely
futility
futility's
futon
futon's
futons
future
future's
futures
futuristic
futurities
futurity
futurity's
futz
futzed
futzes
futzing
fuze
fuze's
fuzed
fuzes
fuzing
fuzz
fuzz's
fuzzed
fuzzes
fuzzier
fuzziest
fuzzily
fuzziness
fuzziness's
fuzzing
fuzzy
fête
fête's
fêtes
g
gab
gab's
gabardine
gabardine's
gabardines
gabbed
gabbier
gabbiest
gabbing
gabble
gabble's
gabbled
gabbles
gabbling
gabby
gaberdine
gaberdine's
gaberdines
gable
gable's
gabled
gables
gabs
gad
gadabout
gadabout's
gadabouts
gadded
gadding
gadflies
gadfly
gadfly's
gadget
gadget's
gadgetry
gadgetry's
gadgets
gads
gaff
gaff's
gaffe
gaffe's
gaffed
gaffes
gaffing
gaffs
gag
gag's
gage
gage's
gaged
gages
gagged
gagging
gaggle
gaggle's
gaggles
gaging
gags
gaiety
gaiety's
gaily
gain
gain's
gained
gainful
gainfully
gaining
gains
gainsaid
gainsay
gainsaying
gainsays
gait
gait's
gaiter
gaiter's
gaiters
gaits
gal
gal's
gala
gala's
galactic
galas
galaxies
galaxy
galaxy's
gale
gale's
galena
galena's
gales
gall
gall's
gallant
gallant's
gallantly
gallantry
gallantry's
gallants
gallbladder
gallbladder's
gallbladders
galled
galleon
galleon's
galleons
galleries
gallery
gallery's
galley
galley's
galleys
galling
gallium
gallium's
gallivant
gallivanted
gallivanting
gallivants
gallon
gallon's
gallons
gallop
gallop's
galloped
galloping
gallops
gallows
gallows's
gallowses
galls
gallstone
gallstone's
gallstones
galore
galosh
galosh's
galoshes
gals
galvanic
galvanize
galvanized
galvanizes
galvanizing
galvanometer
galvanometer's
galvanometers
gambit
gambit's
gambits
gamble
gamble's
gambled
gambler
gambler's
gamblers
gambles
gambling
gambling's
gambol
gambol's
gamboled
gamboling
gambolled
gambolling
gambols
game
game's
gamecock
gamecock's
gamecocks
gamed
gamekeeper
gamekeeper's
gamekeepers
gamely
gameness
gameness's
gamer
games
gamesmanship
gamesmanship's
gamest
gamete
gamete's
gametes
gamey
gamier
gamiest
gamin
gamin's
gamine
gamine's
gamines
gaming
gamins
gamma
gamma's
gammas
gamut
gamut's
gamuts
gamy
gander
gander's
ganders
gang
gang's
ganged
ganging
gangland
gangland's
ganglia
ganglier
gangliest
gangling
ganglion
ganglion's
ganglions
gangly
gangplank
gangplank's
gangplanks
gangrene
gangrene's
gangrened
gangrenes
gangrening
gangrenous
gangs
gangster
gangster's
gangsters
gangway
gangway's
gangways
gannet
gannet's
gannets
gantlet
gantlet's
gantlets
gantries
gantry
gantry's
gap
gap's
gape
gape's
gaped
gapes
gaping
gaps
garage
garage's
garaged
garages
garaging
garb
garb's
garbage
garbage's
garbageman
garbanzo
garbanzo's
garbanzos
garbed
garbing
garble
garbled
garbles
garbling
garbs
garden
garden's
gardened
gardener
gardener's
gardeners
gardenia
gardenia's
gardenias
gardening
gardening's
gardens
gargantuan
gargle
gargle's
gargled
gargles
gargling
gargoyle
gargoyle's
gargoyles
garish
garishly
garishness
garishness's
garland
garland's
garlanded
garlanding
garlands
garlic
garlic's
garlicky
garment
garment's
garments
garner
garnered
garnering
garners
garnet
garnet's
garnets
garnish
garnish's
garnished
garnishee
garnishee's
garnisheed
garnisheeing
garnishees
garnishes
garnishing
garote
garote's
garoted
garotes
garoting
garotte
garotte's
garotted
garottes
garotting
garret
garret's
garrets
garrison
garrison's
garrisoned
garrisoning
garrisons
garrote
garrote's
garroted
garrotes
garroting
garrotte
garrotte's
garrotted
garrottes
garrotting
garrulity
garrulity's
garrulous
garrulously
garrulousness
garrulousness's
garter
garter's
garters
gas
gas's
gaseous
gases
gash
gash's
gashed
gashes
gashing
gasket
gasket's
gaskets
gaslight
gaslight's
gaslights
gasohol
gasohol's
gasolene
gasolene's
gasoline
gasoline's
gasp
gasp's
gasped
gasping
gasps
gassed
gasses
gassier
gassiest
gassing
gassy
gastric
gastritis
gastritis's
gastrointestinal
gastronomic
gastronomical
gastronomy
gastronomy's
gasworks
gasworks's
gate
gate's
gatecrasher
gatecrasher's
gatecrashers
gated
gatepost
gatepost's
gateposts
gates
gateway
gateway's
gateways
gather
gather's
gathered
gatherer
gatherer's
gatherers
gathering
gathering's
gatherings
gathers
gating
gauche
gaucher
gauchest
gaucho
gaucho's
gauchos
gaudier
gaudiest
gaudily
gaudiness
gaudiness's
gaudy
gauge
gauge's
gauged
gauges
gauging
gaunt
gaunter
gauntest
gauntlet
gauntlet's
gauntlets
gauntness
gauntness's
gauze
gauze's
gauzier
gauziest
gauzy
gave
gavel
gavel's
gavels
gavotte
gavotte's
gavottes
gawk
gawked
gawkier
gawkiest
gawkily
gawkiness
gawkiness's
gawking
gawks
gawky
gay
gay's
gayer
gayest
gayety
gayety's
gayly
gayness
gayness's
gays
gaze
gaze's
gazebo
gazebo's
gazeboes
gazebos
gazed
gazelle
gazelle's
gazelles
gazer
gazer's
gazers
gazes
gazette
gazette's
gazetted
gazetteer
gazetteer's
gazetteers
gazettes
gazetting
gazillion
gazillions
gazing
gazpacho
gazpacho's
gear
gear's
gearbox
gearbox's
gearboxes
geared
gearing
gears
gearshift
gearshift's
gearshifts
gearwheel
gearwheel's
gearwheels
gecko
gecko's
geckoes
geckos
gee
geed
geegaw
geegaw's
geegaws
geeing
geek
geek's
geekier
geekiest
geeks
geeky
gees
geese
geez
geezer
geezer's
geezers
geisha
geisha's
geishas
gel
gel's
gelatin
gelatin's
gelatine
gelatine's
gelatinous
geld
gelded
gelding
gelding's
geldings
gelds
gelid
gelled
gelling
gels
gelt
gem
gem's
gems
gemstone
gemstone's
gemstones
gendarme
gendarme's
gendarmes
gender
gender's
genders
gene
gene's
genealogical
genealogies
genealogist
genealogist's
genealogists
genealogy
genealogy's
genera
general
general's
generalissimo
generalissimo's
generalissimos
generalities
generality
generality's
generalization
generalization's
generalizations
generalize
generalized
generalizes
generalizing
generally
generals
generate
generated
generates
generating
generation
generation's
generations
generative
generator
generator's
generators
generic
generic's
generically
generics
generosities
generosity
generosity's
generous
generously
genes
geneses
genesis
genesis's
genetic
genetically
geneticist
geneticist's
geneticists
genetics
genetics's
genial
geniality
geniality's
genially
genie
genie's
genies
genii
genital
genitalia
genitalia's
genitals
genitals's
genitive
genitive's
genitives
genius
genius's
geniuses
genocide
genocide's
genome
genome's
genomes
genre
genre's
genres
gent
gent's
genteel
gentian
gentian's
gentians
gentile
gentile's
gentiles
gentility
gentility's
gentle
gentled
gentlefolk
gentlefolk's
gentleman
gentleman's
gentlemanly
gentlemen
gentleness
gentleness's
gentler
gentles
gentlest
gentlewoman
gentlewoman's
gentlewomen
gentling
gently
gentries
gentrification
gentrification's
gentrified
gentrifies
gentrify
gentrifying
gentry
gentry's
gents
genuflect
genuflected
genuflecting
genuflection
genuflection's
genuflections
genuflects
genuine
genuinely
genuineness
genuineness's
genus
genus's
genuses
geocentric
geode
geode's
geodes
geodesic
geodesic's
geodesics
geographer
geographer's
geographers
geographic
geographical
geographically
geographies
geography
geography's
geologic
geological
geologically
geologies
geologist
geologist's
geologists
geology
geology's
geometer
geometric
geometrical
geometrically
geometries
geometry
geometry's
geophysical
geophysics
geophysics's
geopolitical
geopolitics
geopolitics's
geostationary
geothermal
geranium
geranium's
geraniums
gerbil
gerbil's
gerbils
geriatric
geriatrics
geriatrics's
germ
germ's
germane
germanium
germanium's
germicidal
germicide
germicide's
germicides
germinal
germinal's
germinate
germinated
germinates
germinating
germination
germination's
germs
gerontologist
gerontologist's
gerontologists
gerontology
gerontology's
gerrymander
gerrymander's
gerrymandered
gerrymandering
gerrymandering's
gerrymanders
gerund
gerund's
gerunds
gestate
gestated
gestates
gestating
gestation
gestation's
gesticulate
gesticulated
gesticulates
gesticulating
gesticulation
gesticulation's
gesticulations
gesture
gesture's
gestured
gestures
gesturing
gesundheit
get
get's
getaway
getaway's
getaways
gets
getting
getup
getup's
gewgaw
gewgaw's
gewgaws
geyser
geyser's
geysers
ghastlier
ghastliest
ghastliness
ghastliness's
ghastly
gherkin
gherkin's
gherkins
ghetto
ghetto's
ghettoes
ghettos
ghost
ghost's
ghosted
ghosting
ghostlier
ghostliest
ghostliness
ghostliness's
ghostly
ghosts
ghostwrite
ghostwriter
ghostwriter's
ghostwriters
ghostwrites
ghostwriting
ghostwritten
ghostwrote
ghoul
ghoul's
ghoulish
ghouls
giant
giant's
giantess
giantess's
giantesses
giants
gibber
gibbered
gibbering
gibberish
gibberish's
gibbers
gibbet
gibbet's
gibbeted
gibbeting
gibbets
gibbon
gibbon's
gibbons
gibe
gibe's
gibed
gibes
gibing
giblet
giblet's
giblets
giddier
giddiest
giddily
giddiness
giddiness's
giddy
gift
gift's
gifted
gifting
gifts
gig
gig's
gigabit
gigabit's
gigabits
gigabyte
gigabyte's
gigabytes
gigahertz
gigahertz's
gigantic
gigged
gigging
giggle
giggle's
giggled
giggler
giggler's
gigglers
giggles
gigglier
giggliest
giggling
giggly
gigolo
gigolo's
gigolos
gigs
gild
gild's
gilded
gilding
gilds
gill
gill's
gills
gilt
gilt's
gilts
gimcrack
gimcrack's
gimcracks
gimlet
gimlet's
gimleted
gimleting
gimlets
gimme
gimmick
gimmick's
gimmickry
gimmickry's
gimmicks
gimmicky
gimpier
gimpiest
gimpy
gin
gin's
ginger
ginger's
gingerbread
gingerbread's
gingerly
gingersnap
gingersnap's
gingersnaps
gingham
gingham's
gingivitis
gingivitis's
gingko
gingko's
gingkoes
gingkos
ginkgo
ginkgo's
ginkgoes
ginkgos
ginned
ginning
gins
ginseng
ginseng's
gipsies
gipsy
gipsy's
giraffe
giraffe's
giraffes
gird
girded
girder
girder's
girders
girding
girdle
girdle's
girdled
girdles
girdling
girds
girl
girl's
girlfriend
girlfriend's
girlfriends
girlhood
girlhood's
girlhoods
girlish
girlishly
girls
girt
girt's
girted
girth
girth's
girths
girting
girts
gismo
gismo's
gismos
gist
gist's
give
give's
giveaway
giveaway's
giveaways
given
given's
givens
gives
giving
gizmo
gizmo's
gizmos
gizzard
gizzard's
gizzards
glacial
glacially
glacier
glacier's
glaciers
glad
glad's
gladden
gladdened
gladdening
gladdens
gladder
gladdest
glade
glade's
glades
gladiator
gladiator's
gladiatorial
gladiators
gladiola
gladiola's
gladiolas
gladioli
gladiolus
gladiolus's
gladioluses
gladly
gladness
gladness's
glads
glamor
glamor's
glamored
glamoring
glamorize
glamorized
glamorizes
glamorizing
glamorous
glamorously
glamors
glamour
glamour's
glamoured
glamouring
glamourize
glamourized
glamourizes
glamourizing
glamourous
glamours
glance
glance's
glanced
glances
glancing
gland
gland's
glands
glandular
glare
glare's
glared
glares
glaring
glaringly
glass
glass's
glassed
glasses
glassful
glassful's
glassfuls
glassier
glassiest
glassing
glassware
glassware's
glassy
glaucoma
glaucoma's
glaze
glaze's
glazed
glazes
glazier
glazier's
glaziers
glazing
gleam
gleam's
gleamed
gleaming
gleamings
gleams
glean
gleaned
gleaning
gleans
glee
glee's
gleeful
gleefully
glen
glen's
glens
glib
glibber
glibbest
glibly
glibness
glibness's
glide
glide's
glided
glider
glider's
gliders
glides
gliding
glimmer
glimmer's
glimmered
glimmering
glimmering's
glimmerings
glimmers
glimpse
glimpse's
glimpsed
glimpses
glimpsing
glint
glint's
glinted
glinting
glints
glissandi
glissando
glissando's
glissandos
glisten
glisten's
glistened
glistening
glistens
glitch
glitch's
glitches
glitter
glitter's
glittered
glittering
glitters
glittery
glitz
glitz's
glitzier
glitziest
glitzy
gloaming
gloaming's
gloamings
gloat
gloat's
gloated
gloating
gloats
glob
glob's
global
globally
globe
globe's
globes
globetrotter
globetrotter's
globetrotters
globs
globular
globule
globule's
globules
glockenspiel
glockenspiel's
glockenspiels
gloom
gloom's
gloomier
gloomiest
gloomily
gloominess
gloominess's
gloomy
glop
glop's
gloried
glories
glorification
glorification's
glorified
glorifies
glorify
glorifying
glorious
gloriously
glory
glory's
glorying
gloss
gloss's
glossaries
glossary
glossary's
glossed
glosses
glossier
glossies
glossiest
glossiness
glossiness's
glossing
glossy
glossy's
glottides
glottis
glottis's
glottises
glove
glove's
gloved
gloves
gloving
glow
glow's
glowed
glower
glower's
glowered
glowering
glowers
glowing
glowingly
glows
glowworm
glowworm's
glowworms
glucose
glucose's
glue
glue's
glued
glueing
glues
gluey
gluier
gluiest
gluing
glum
glumly
glummer
glummest
glumness
glumness's
glut
glut's
gluten
gluten's
glutinous
gluts
glutted
glutting
glutton
glutton's
gluttonous
gluttonously
gluttons
gluttony
gluttony's
glycerin
glycerin's
glycerine
glycerine's
glycerol
glycerol's
glycogen
glycogen's
glyph
gnarl
gnarled
gnarlier
gnarliest
gnarling
gnarls
gnarly
gnash
gnash's
gnashed
gnashes
gnashing
gnat
gnat's
gnats
gnaw
gnawed
gnawing
gnawn
gnaws
gneiss
gneiss's
gnome
gnome's
gnomes
gnomish
gnu
gnu's
gnus
go
go's
goad
goad's
goaded
goading
goads
goal
goal's
goalie
goalie's
goalies
goalkeeper
goalkeeper's
goalkeepers
goalpost
goalpost's
goalposts
goals
goaltender
goaltender's
goaltenders
goat
goat's
goatee
goatee's
goatees
goatherd
goatherd's
goatherds
goats
goatskin
goatskin's
goatskins
gob
gob's
gobbed
gobbing
gobble
gobble's
gobbled
gobbledegook
gobbledegook's
gobbledygook
gobbledygook's
gobbler
gobbler's
gobblers
gobbles
gobbling
goblet
goblet's
goblets
goblin
goblin's
goblins
gobs
god
god's
godchild
godchild's
godchildren
goddam
goddamed
goddamn
goddamned
goddaughter
goddaughter's
goddaughters
goddess
goddess's
goddesses
godfather
godfather's
godfathers
godforsaken
godhood
godhood's
godless
godlier
godliest
godlike
godliness
godliness's
godly
godmother
godmother's
godmothers
godparent
godparent's
godparents
gods
godsend
godsend's
godsends
godson
godson's
godsons
goes
gofer
gofer's
gofers
goggle
goggle's
goggled
goggles
goggles's
goggling
going
going's
goings
goiter
goiter's
goiters
goitre
goitre's
goitres
gold
gold's
goldbrick
goldbrick's
goldbricked
goldbricking
goldbricks
golden
goldener
goldenest
goldenrod
goldenrod's
goldfinch
goldfinch's
goldfinches
goldfish
goldfish's
goldfishes
golds
goldsmith
goldsmith's
goldsmiths
golf
golf's
golfed
golfer
golfer's
golfers
golfing
golfs
gollies
golly
golly's
gonad
gonad's
gonads
gondola
gondola's
gondolas
gondolier
gondolier's
gondoliers
gone
goner
goner's
goners
gong
gong's
gonged
gonging
gongs
gonna
gonorrhea
gonorrhea's
gonorrhoea
gonorrhoea's
goo
goo's
goober
goober's
goobers
good
good's
goodby
goodby's
goodbye
goodbye's
goodbyes
goodbys
goodie
goodie's
goodies
goodlier
goodliest
goodly
goodness
goodness's
goodnight
goods
goods's
goodwill
goodwill's
goody
goody's
gooey
goof
goof's
goofed
goofier
goofiest
goofing
goofs
goofy
gooier
gooiest
gook
gook's
gooks
goon
goon's
goons
goop
goop's
goose
goose's
gooseberries
gooseberry
gooseberry's
goosed
gooses
goosing
gopher
gopher's
gophers
gore
gore's
gored
gores
gorge
gorge's
gorged
gorgeous
gorgeously
gorges
gorging
gorier
goriest
gorilla
gorilla's
gorillas
goriness
goriness's
goring
gorse
gorse's
gory
gosh
gosling
gosling's
goslings
gospel
gospel's
gospels
gossamer
gossamer's
gossip
gossip's
gossiped
gossiping
gossipped
gossipping
gossips
gossipy
got
gotta
gotten
gouge
gouge's
gouged
gouger
gouger's
gougers
gouges
gouging
goulash
goulash's
goulashes
gourd
gourd's
gourds
gourmand
gourmand's
gourmands
gourmet
gourmet's
gourmets
gout
gout's
goutier
goutiest
gouty
govern
governable
governance
governance's
governed
governess
governess's
governesses
governing
government
government's
governmental
governments
governor
governor's
governors
governorship
governorship's
governs
gown
gown's
gowned
gowning
gowns
grab
grab's
grabbed
grabber
grabbing
grabs
grace
grace's
graced
graceful
gracefully
gracefulness
gracefulness's
graceless
gracelessly
gracelessness
gracelessness's
graces
gracing
gracious
graciously
graciousness
graciousness's
grackle
grackle's
grackles
grad
grad's
gradation
gradation's
gradations
grade
grade's
graded
grader
grader's
graders
grades
gradient
gradient's
gradients
grading
grads
gradual
gradually
graduate
graduate's
graduated
graduates
graduating
graduation
graduation's
graduations
graffiti
graffito
graffito's
graft
graft's
grafted
grafter
grafter's
grafters
grafting
grafts
grail
grain
grain's
grainier
grainiest
grains
grainy
gram
gram's
grammar
grammar's
grammarian
grammarian's
grammarians
grammars
grammatical
grammatically
gramophone
grams
granaries
granary
granary's
grand
grand's
grandad
grandad's
grandads
grandchild
grandchild's
grandchildren
granddad
granddad's
granddads
granddaughter
granddaughter's
granddaughters
grandee
grandee's
grandees
grander
grandest
grandeur
grandeur's
grandfather
grandfather's
grandfathered
grandfathering
grandfathers
grandiloquence
grandiloquence's
grandiloquent
grandiose
grandly
grandma
grandma's
grandmas
grandmother
grandmother's
grandmothers
grandness
grandness's
grandpa
grandpa's
grandparent
grandparent's
grandparents
grandpas
grands
grandson
grandson's
grandsons
grandstand
grandstand's
grandstanded
grandstanding
grandstands
grange
grange's
granges
granite
granite's
grannie
grannie's
grannies
granny
granny's
granola
granola's
grant
grant's
granted
granting
grants
granular
granularity
granularity's
granulate
granulated
granulates
granulating
granulation
granulation's
granule
granule's
granules
grape
grape's
grapefruit
grapefruit's
grapefruits
grapes
grapevine
grapevine's
grapevines
graph
graph's
graphed
graphic
graphic's
graphical
graphically
graphics
graphing
graphite
graphite's
graphologist
graphologist's
graphologists
graphology
graphology's
graphs
grapnel
grapnel's
grapnels
grapple
grapple's
grappled
grapples
grappling
grasp
grasp's
grasped
grasping
grasps
grass
grass's
grassed
grasses
grasshopper
grasshopper's
grasshoppers
grassier
grassiest
grassing
grassland
grassland's
grassy
grate
grate's
grated
grateful
gratefully
gratefulness
gratefulness's
grater
grater's
graters
grates
gratification
gratification's
gratifications
gratified
gratifies
gratify
gratifying
grating
grating's
gratings
gratis
gratitude
gratitude's
gratuities
gratuitous
gratuitously
gratuity
gratuity's
grave
grave's
graved
gravel
gravel's
graveled
graveling
gravelled
gravelling
gravelly
gravels
gravely
graven
graver
graves
gravest
gravestone
gravestone's
gravestones
graveyard
graveyard's
graveyards
gravies
graving
gravitate
gravitated
gravitates
gravitating
gravitation
gravitation's
gravitational
gravity
gravity's
gravy
gravy's
gray
gray's
graybeard
graybeard's
graybeards
grayed
grayer
grayest
graying
grayish
grayness
grayness's
grays
graze
graze's
grazed
grazes
grazing
grease
grease's
greased
greasepaint
greasepaint's
greases
greasier
greasiest
greasiness
greasiness's
greasing
greasy
great
great's
greater
greatest
greatly
greatness
greatness's
greats
grebe
grebe's
grebes
greed
greed's
greedier
greediest
greedily
greediness
greediness's
greedy
green
green's
greenback
greenback's
greenbacks
greened
greener
greenery
greenery's
greenest
greengrocer
greengrocer's
greengrocers
greenhorn
greenhorn's
greenhorns
greenhouse
greenhouse's
greenhouses
greening
greenish
greenness
greenness's
greens
greensward
greensward's
greet
greeted
greeting
greeting's
greetings
greets
gregarious
gregariously
gregariousness
gregariousness's
gremlin
gremlin's
gremlins
grenade
grenade's
grenades
grenadier
grenadier's
grenadiers
grew
grey
grey's
greyed
greyer
greyest
greyhound
greyhound's
greyhounds
greying
greyish
greys
grid
grid's
griddle
griddle's
griddlecake
griddlecake's
griddlecakes
griddles
gridiron
gridiron's
gridirons
gridlock
gridlock's
gridlocks
grids
grief
grief's
griefs
grievance
grievance's
grievances
grieve
grieved
grieves
grieving
grievous
grievously
griffin
griffin's
griffins
grill
grill's
grille
grille's
grilled
grilles
grilling
grills
grim
grimace
grimace's
grimaced
grimaces
grimacing
grime
grime's
grimed
grimes
grimier
grimiest
griming
grimly
grimmer
grimmest
grimness
grimness's
grimy
grin
grin's
grind
grind's
grinder
grinder's
grinders
grinding
grinds
grindstone
grindstone's
grindstones
gringo
gringo's
gringos
grinned
grinning
grins
grip
grip's
gripe
gripe's
griped
gripes
griping
grippe
grippe's
gripped
gripping
grips
grislier
grisliest
grisly
grist
grist's
gristle
gristle's
gristlier
gristliest
gristly
grit
grit's
grits
grits's
gritted
grittier
grittiest
gritting
gritty
grizzled
grizzlier
grizzlies
grizzliest
grizzly
grizzly's
groan
groan's
groaned
groaning
groans
grocer
grocer's
groceries
grocers
grocery
grocery's
grog
grog's
groggier
groggiest
groggily
grogginess
grogginess's
groggy
groin
groin's
groins
grommet
grommet's
grommets
groom
groom's
groomed
grooming
grooming's
grooms
groove
groove's
grooved
grooves
groovier
grooviest
grooving
groovy
grope
grope's
groped
gropes
groping
grosbeak
grosbeak's
grosbeaks
gross
gross's
grossed
grosser
grosses
grossest
grossing
grossly
grossness
grossness's
grotesque
grotesque's
grotesquely
grotesques
grotto
grotto's
grottoes
grottos
grouch
grouch's
grouched
grouches
grouchier
grouchiest
grouchiness
grouchiness's
grouching
grouchy
ground
ground's
groundbreaking
groundbreaking's
groundbreakings
grounded
grounder
grounder's
grounders
groundhog
groundhog's
groundhogs
grounding
grounding's
groundings
groundless
groundlessly
grounds
groundswell
groundswell's
groundswells
groundwork
groundwork's
group
group's
grouped
grouper
grouper's
groupers
groupie
groupie's
groupies
grouping
grouping's
groupings
groups
grouse
grouse's
groused
grouses
grousing
grout
grout's
grouted
grouting
grouts
grove
grove's
grovel
groveled
groveler
groveler's
grovelers
groveling
grovelled
groveller
groveller's
grovellers
grovelling
grovels
groves
grow
grower
grower's
growers
growing
growl
growl's
growled
growling
growls
grown
grownup
grownup's
grownups
grows
growth
growth's
growths
grub
grub's
grubbed
grubbier
grubbiest
grubbiness
grubbiness's
grubbing
grubby
grubs
grubstake
grubstake's
grudge
grudge's
grudged
grudges
grudging
grudgingly
gruel
gruel's
grueling
gruelings
gruelling
gruellings
gruesome
gruesomely
gruesomer
gruesomest
gruff
gruffer
gruffest
gruffly
gruffness
gruffness's
grumble
grumble's
grumbled
grumbler
grumbler's
grumblers
grumbles
grumbling
grumpier
grumpiest
grumpily
grumpiness
grumpiness's
grumpy
grunge
grunge's
grungier
grungiest
grungy
grunt
grunt's
grunted
grunting
grunts
gryphon
gryphon's
gryphons
gs
guacamole
guacamole's
guano
guano's
guarantee
guarantee's
guaranteed
guaranteeing
guarantees
guarantied
guaranties
guarantor
guarantor's
guarantors
guaranty
guaranty's
guarantying
guard
guard's
guarded
guardedly
guardhouse
guardhouse's
guardhouses
guardian
guardian's
guardians
guardianship
guardianship's
guarding
guardrail
guardrail's
guardrails
guardroom
guardroom's
guardrooms
guards
guardsman
guardsman's
guardsmen
guava
guava's
guavas
gubernatorial
guerilla
guerilla's
guerillas
guerrilla
guerrilla's
guerrillas
guess
guess's
guessable
guessed
guesser
guesser's
guessers
guesses
guessing
guesstimate
guesstimate's
guesstimated
guesstimates
guesstimating
guesswork
guesswork's
guest
guest's
guested
guesting
guests
guff
guff's
guffaw
guffaw's
guffawed
guffawing
guffaws
guidance
guidance's
guide
guide's
guidebook
guidebook's
guidebooks
guided
guideline
guideline's
guidelines
guides
guiding
guild
guild's
guilder
guilder's
guilders
guilds
guile
guile's
guileful
guileless
guillotine
guillotine's
guillotined
guillotines
guillotining
guilt
guilt's
guiltier
guiltiest
guiltily
guiltiness
guiltiness's
guiltless
guilty
guinea
guinea's
guineas
guise
guise's
guises
guitar
guitar's
guitarist
guitarist's
guitarists
guitars
gulag
gulag's
gulags
gulch
gulch's
gulches
gulf
gulf's
gulfs
gull
gull's
gulled
gullet
gullet's
gullets
gulley
gulley's
gullibility
gullibility's
gullible
gullies
gulling
gulls
gully
gully's
gulp
gulp's
gulped
gulping
gulps
gum
gum's
gumbo
gumbo's
gumbos
gumdrop
gumdrop's
gumdrops
gummed
gummier
gummiest
gumming
gummy
gumption
gumption's
gums
gun
gun's
gunboat
gunboat's
gunboats
gunfight
gunfight's
gunfights
gunfire
gunfire's
gunk
gunk's
gunman
gunman's
gunmen
gunned
gunner
gunner's
gunners
gunnery
gunnery's
gunning
gunny
gunny's
gunnysack
gunnysack's
gunnysacks
gunpoint
gunpoint's
gunpowder
gunpowder's
gunrunner
gunrunner's
gunrunners
gunrunning
gunrunning's
guns
gunshot
gunshot's
gunshots
gunslinger
gunslinger's
gunslingers
gunsmith
gunsmith's
gunsmiths
gunwale
gunwale's
gunwales
guppies
guppy
guppy's
gurgle
gurgle's
gurgled
gurgles
gurgling
gurney
gurney's
gurneys
guru
guru's
gurus
gush
gush's
gushed
gusher
gusher's
gushers
gushes
gushier
gushiest
gushing
gushy
gusset
gusset's
gusseted
gusseting
gussets
gust
gust's
gustatory
gusted
gustier
gustiest
gusting
gusto
gusto's
gusts
gusty
gut
gut's
gutless
guts
gutsier
gutsiest
gutsy
gutted
gutter
gutter's
guttered
guttering
gutters
guttersnipe
guttersnipe's
guttersnipes
gutting
guttural
guttural's
gutturals
guy
guy's
guyed
guying
guys
guzzle
guzzled
guzzler
guzzler's
guzzlers
guzzles
guzzling
gybe
gybe's
gybed
gybes
gybing
gym
gym's
gymnasia
gymnasium
gymnasium's
gymnasiums
gymnast
gymnast's
gymnastic
gymnastics
gymnastics's
gymnasts
gymnosperm
gymnosperm's
gymnosperms
gyms
gynecological
gynecologist
gynecologist's
gynecologists
gynecology
gynecology's
gyp
gyp's
gypped
gypping
gyps
gypsies
gypsum
gypsum's
gypsy
gypsy's
gyrate
gyrated
gyrates
gyrating
gyration
gyration's
gyrations
gyro
gyro's
gyros
gyroscope
gyroscope's
gyroscopes
h
h'm
ha
haberdasher
haberdasher's
haberdasheries
haberdashers
haberdashery
haberdashery's
habit
habit's
habitability
habitability's
habitable
habitat
habitat's
habitation
habitation's
habitations
habitats
habits
habitual
habitually
habituate
habituated
habituates
habituating
habituation
habituation's
habitué
habitué's
habitués
hacienda
hacienda's
haciendas
hack
hack's
hacked
hacker
hacker's
hackers
hacking
hackle
hackle's
hackles
hackney
hackney's
hackneyed
hackneying
hackneys
hacks
hacksaw
hacksaw's
hacksaws
had
haddock
haddock's
haddocks
hadn't
haemoglobin
haemoglobin's
haemophilia
haemophilia's
haemorrhage
haemorrhage's
haemorrhaged
haemorrhages
haemorrhaging
haemorrhoids
hafnium
hafnium's
haft
haft's
hafts
hag
hag's
haggard
haggle
haggle's
haggled
haggler
haggler's
hagglers
haggles
haggling
hags
hah
haiku
haiku's
hail
hail's
hailed
hailing
hails
hailstone
hailstone's
hailstones
hailstorm
hailstorm's
hailstorms
hair
hair's
hairbreadth
hairbreadth's
hairbreadths
hairbrush
hairbrush's
hairbrushes
haircut
haircut's
haircuts
hairdo
hairdo's
hairdos
hairdresser
hairdresser's
hairdressers
hairdressing
hairdressing's
haired
hairier
hairiest
hairiness
hairiness's
hairless
hairline
hairline's
hairlines
hairnet
hairnet's
hairnets
hairpiece
hairpiece's
hairpieces
hairpin
hairpin's
hairpins
hairs
hairsbreadth
hairsbreadth's
hairsbreadths
hairsplitting
hairsplitting's
hairspring
hairspring's
hairsprings
hairstyle
hairstyle's
hairstyles
hairstylist
hairstylist's
hairstylists
hairy
hake
hake's
hakes
halberd
halberd's
halberds
halcyon
hale
haled
haler
hales
halest
half
half's
halfback
halfback's
halfbacks
halfhearted
halfheartedly
halfheartedness
halfheartedness's
halfpence
halfpennies
halfpenny
halfpenny's
halftime
halftime's
halftimes
halfway
halibut
halibut's
halibuts
haling
halitosis
halitosis's
hall
hall's
halleluiah
halleluiah's
halleluiahs
hallelujah
hallelujah's
hallelujahs
hallmark
hallmark's
hallmarked
hallmarking
hallmarks
hallow
hallowed
hallowing
hallows
halls
hallucinate
hallucinated
hallucinates
hallucinating
hallucination
hallucination's
hallucinations
hallucinatory
hallucinogen
hallucinogen's
hallucinogenic
hallucinogenic's
hallucinogenics
hallucinogens
hallway
hallway's
hallways
halo
halo's
haloed
haloes
halogen
halogen's
halogens
haloing
halon
halos
halt
halt's
halted
halter
halter's
haltered
haltering
halters
halting
haltingly
halts
halve
halved
halves
halving
halyard
halyard's
halyards
ham
ham's
hamburger
hamburger's
hamburgers
hamlet
hamlet's
hamlets
hammed
hammer
hammer's
hammered
hammerhead
hammerhead's
hammerheads
hammering
hammerings
hammers
hamming
hammock
hammock's
hammocks
hamper
hamper's
hampered
hampering
hampers
hams
hamster
hamster's
hamsters
hamstring
hamstring's
hamstringing
hamstrings
hamstrung
hand
hand's
handbag
handbag's
handbags
handball
handball's
handballs
handbill
handbill's
handbills
handbook
handbook's
handbooks
handcar
handcar's
handcars
handcart
handcart's
handcarts
handcraft
handcraft's
handcrafted
handcrafting
handcrafts
handcuff
handcuff's
handcuffed
handcuffing
handcuffs
handed
handedness
handful
handful's
handfuls
handgun
handgun's
handguns
handicap
handicap's
handicapped
handicapper
handicapper's
handicappers
handicapping
handicaps
handicraft
handicraft's
handicrafts
handier
handiest
handily
handiness
handiness's
handing
handiwork
handiwork's
handkerchief
handkerchief's
handkerchiefs
handkerchieves
handle
handle's
handlebar
handlebar's
handlebars
handled
handler
handler's
handlers
handles
handling
handmade
handmaid
handmaid's
handmaiden
handmaiden's
handmaidens
handmaids
handout
handout's
handouts
handpick
handpicked
handpicking
handpicks
handrail
handrail's
handrails
hands
handset
handset's
handsets
handsful
handshake
handshake's
handshakes
handshaking
handsome
handsomely
handsomeness
handsomeness's
handsomer
handsomest
handspring
handspring's
handsprings
handstand
handstand's
handstands
handwork
handwork's
handwriting
handwriting's
handwritten
handy
handyman
handyman's
handymen
hang
hang's
hangar
hangar's
hangars
hangdog
hanged
hanger
hanger's
hangers
hanging
hanging's
hangings
hangman
hangman's
hangmen
hangnail
hangnail's
hangnails
hangout
hangout's
hangouts
hangover
hangover's
hangovers
hangs
hank
hank's
hanker
hankered
hankering
hankering's
hankerings
hankers
hankie
hankie's
hankies
hanks
hanky
hanky's
hansom
hansom's
hansoms
haphazard
haphazardly
hapless
happen
happened
happening
happening's
happenings
happens
happenstance
happenstance's
happenstances
happier
happiest
happily
happiness
happiness's
happy
harangue
harangue's
harangued
harangues
haranguing
harass
harassed
harasses
harassing
harassment
harassment's
harbinger
harbinger's
harbingers
harbor
harbor's
harbored
harboring
harbors
hard
hardback
hardback's
hardbacks
hardball
hardball's
hardcover
hardcover's
hardcovers
harden
hardened
hardener
hardener's
hardeners
hardening
hardens
harder
hardest
hardheaded
hardheadedly
hardheadedness
hardheadedness's
hardhearted
hardheartedly
hardheartedness
hardheartedness's
hardier
hardiest
hardily
hardiness
hardiness's
hardline
hardliner
hardliner's
hardliners
hardly
hardness
hardness's
hardship
hardship's
hardships
hardtack
hardtack's
hardtop
hardtop's
hardtops
hardware
hardware's
hardwood
hardwood's
hardwoods
hardy
hare
hare's
harebrained
hared
harelip
harelip's
harelips
harem
harem's
harems
hares
haring
hark
harked
harken
harkened
harkening
harkens
harking
harks
harlequin
harlequin's
harlequins
harlot
harlot's
harlots
harm
harm's
harmed
harmful
harmfully
harmfulness
harmfulness's
harming
harmless
harmlessly
harmlessness
harmlessness's
harmonic
harmonic's
harmonica
harmonica's
harmonically
harmonicas
harmonics
harmonies
harmonious
harmoniously
harmoniousness
harmoniousness's
harmonization
harmonization's
harmonize
harmonized
harmonizes
harmonizing
harmony
harmony's
harms
harness
harness's
harnessed
harnesses
harnessing
harp
harp's
harped
harpies
harping
harpist
harpist's
harpists
harpoon
harpoon's
harpooned
harpooning
harpoons
harps
harpsichord
harpsichord's
harpsichords
harpy
harpy's
harridan
harridan's
harridans
harried
harries
harrow
harrow's
harrowed
harrowing
harrows
harry
harrying
harsh
harsher
harshest
harshly
harshness
harshness's
hart
hart's
harts
harvest
harvest's
harvested
harvester
harvester's
harvesters
harvesting
harvests
has
hash
hash's
hashed
hasheesh
hasheesh's
hashes
hashing
hashish
hashish's
hasn't
hasp
hasp's
hasps
hassle
hassle's
hassled
hassles
hassling
hassock
hassock's
hassocks
haste
haste's
hasted
hasten
hastened
hastening
hastens
hastes
hastier
hastiest
hastily
hastiness
hastiness's
hasting
hasty
hat
hat's
hatch
hatch's
hatchback
hatchback's
hatchbacks
hatched
hatcheries
hatchery
hatchery's
hatches
hatchet
hatchet's
hatchets
hatching
hatching's
hatchway
hatchway's
hatchways
hate
hate's
hated
hateful
hatefully
hatefulness
hatefulness's
hater
hater's
haters
hates
hath
hating
hatred
hatred's
hatreds
hats
hatted
hatter
hatter's
hatters
hatting
haughtier
haughtiest
haughtily
haughtiness
haughtiness's
haughty
haul
haul's
hauled
hauler
hauler's
haulers
hauling
hauls
haunch
haunch's
haunches
haunt
haunt's
haunted
haunting
hauntingly
haunts
hauteur
hauteur's
have
have's
haven
haven's
haven't
havens
haversack
haversack's
haversacks
haves
having
havoc
havoc's
haw
haw's
hawed
hawing
hawk
hawk's
hawked
hawker
hawker's
hawkers
hawking
hawkish
hawks
haws
hawser
hawser's
hawsers
hawthorn
hawthorn's
hawthorns
hay
hay's
haycock
haycock's
haycocks
hayed
haying
hayloft
hayloft's
haylofts
haymow
haymow's
haymows
hays
hayseed
hayseed's
hayseeds
haystack
haystack's
haystacks
haywire
hazard
hazard's
hazarded
hazarding
hazardous
hazards
haze
haze's
hazed
hazel
hazel's
hazelnut
hazelnut's
hazelnuts
hazels
hazes
hazier
haziest
hazily
haziness
haziness's
hazing
hazing's
hazings
hazy
he
he'd
he'll
he's
head
head's
headache
headache's
headaches
headband
headband's
headbands
headboard
headboard's
headboards
headdress
headdress's
headdresses
headed
header
header's
headers
headfirst
headgear
headgear's
headhunter
headhunter's
headhunters
headier
headiest
heading
heading's
headings
headland
headland's
headlands
headless
headlight
headlight's
headlights
headline
headline's
headlined
headlines
headlining
headlock
headlock's
headlocks
headlong
headmaster
headmaster's
headmasters
headmistress
headmistress's
headmistresses
headphone
headphone's
headphones
headquarter
headquarters
headquarters's
headrest
headrest's
headrests
headroom
headroom's
heads
headset
headset's
headsets
headstone
headstone's
headstones
headstrong
headwaiter
headwaiter's
headwaiters
headwaters
headwaters's
headway
headway's
headwind
headwind's
headwinds
headword
headword's
headwords
heady
heal
healed
healer
healer's
healers
healing
heals
health
health's
healthful
healthfully
healthfulness
healthfulness's
healthier
healthiest
healthily
healthiness
healthiness's
healthy
heap
heap's
heaped
heaping
heaps
hear
heard
hearer
hearer's
hearers
hearing
hearing's
hearings
hearken
hearkened
hearkening
hearkens
hears
hearsay
hearsay's
hearse
hearse's
hearses
heart
heart's
heartache
heartache's
heartaches
heartbeat
heartbeat's
heartbeats
heartbreak
heartbreak's
heartbreaking
heartbreaks
heartbroken
heartburn
heartburn's
hearten
heartened
heartening
heartens
heartfelt
hearth
hearth's
hearths
heartier
hearties
heartiest
heartily
heartiness
heartiness's
heartland
heartland's
heartlands
heartless
heartlessly
heartlessness
heartlessness's
heartrending
hearts
heartsick
heartstrings
heartstrings's
heartthrob
heartthrob's
heartthrobs
heartwarming
hearty
hearty's
heat
heat's
heated
heatedly
heater
heater's
heaters
heath
heath's
heathen
heathen's
heathenish
heathens
heather
heather's
heaths
heating
heats
heatstroke
heatstroke's
heave
heave's
heaved
heaven
heaven's
heavenlier
heavenliest
heavenly
heavens
heavens's
heavenward
heavenwards
heaves
heavier
heavies
heaviest
heavily
heaviness
heaviness's
heaving
heavy
heavy's
heavyset
heavyweight
heavyweight's
heavyweights
heck
heck's
heckle
heckle's
heckled
heckler
heckler's
hecklers
heckles
heckling
heckling's
hectare
hectare's
hectares
hectic
hectically
hector
hector's
hectored
hectoring
hectors
hedge
hedge's
hedged
hedgehog
hedgehog's
hedgehogs
hedgerow
hedgerow's
hedgerows
hedges
hedging
hedonism
hedonism's
hedonist
hedonist's
hedonistic
hedonists
heed
heed's
heeded
heedful
heeding
heedless
heedlessly
heedlessness
heedlessness's
heeds
heehaw
heehaw's
heehawed
heehawing
heehaws
heel
heel's
heeled
heeling
heels
heft
heft's
hefted
heftier
heftiest
hefting
hefts
hefty
hegemony
hegemony's
heifer
heifer's
heifers
height
height's
heighten
heightened
heightening
heightens
heights
heinous
heinously
heinousness
heinousness's
heir
heir's
heiress
heiress's
heiresses
heirloom
heirloom's
heirlooms
heirs
heist
heist's
heisted
heisting
heists
held
helical
helices
helicopter
helicopter's
helicoptered
helicoptering
helicopters
heliotrope
heliotrope's
heliotropes
heliport
heliport's
heliports
helium
helium's
helix
helix's
helixes
hell
hell's
hellebore
hellebore's
hellhole
hellhole's
hellholes
hellion
hellion's
hellions
hellish
hellishly
hello
hello's
hellos
helm
helm's
helmet
helmet's
helmets
helms
helmsman
helmsman's
helmsmen
helot
helot's
helots
help
help's
helped
helper
helper's
helpers
helpful
helpfully
helpfulness
helpfulness's
helping
helping's
helpings
helpless
helplessly
helplessness
helplessness's
helpmate
helpmate's
helpmates
helpmeet
helpmeet's
helpmeets
helps
hem
hem's
hematologist
hematologist's
hematologists
hematology
hematology's
hemisphere
hemisphere's
hemispheres
hemispheric
hemispherical
hemline
hemline's
hemlines
hemlock
hemlock's
hemlocks
hemmed
hemming
hemoglobin
hemoglobin's
hemophilia
hemophilia's
hemophiliac
hemophiliac's
hemophiliacs
hemorrhage
hemorrhage's
hemorrhaged
hemorrhages
hemorrhaging
hemorrhoid
hemorrhoid's
hemorrhoids
hemp
hemp's
hempen
hems
hemstitch
hemstitch's
hemstitched
hemstitches
hemstitching
hen
hen's
hence
henceforth
henceforward
henchman
henchman's
henchmen
henna
henna's
hennaed
hennaing
hennas
henpeck
henpecked
henpecking
henpecks
hens
hep
hepatic
hepatitis
hepatitis's
hepper
heppest
heptagon
heptagon's
heptagons
her
her's
herald
herald's
heralded
heraldic
heralding
heraldry
heraldry's
heralds
herb
herb's
herbaceous
herbage
herbage's
herbal
herbalist
herbalist's
herbalists
herbicide
herbicide's
herbicides
herbivore
herbivore's
herbivores
herbivorous
herbs
herculean
herd
herd's
herded
herding
herds
herdsman
herdsman's
herdsmen
here
here's
hereabout
hereabouts
hereafter
hereafter's
hereafters
hereby
hereditary
heredity
heredity's
herein
hereof
heresies
heresy
heresy's
heretic
heretic's
heretical
heretics
hereto
heretofore
hereupon
herewith
heritage
heritage's
heritages
hermaphrodite
hermaphrodite's
hermaphrodites
hermaphroditic
hermetic
hermetically
hermit
hermit's
hermitage
hermitage's
hermitages
hermits
hernia
hernia's
herniae
hernias
hero
hero's
heroes
heroic
heroically
heroics
heroics's
heroin
heroin's
heroine
heroine's
heroins
heroism
heroism's
heron
heron's
herons
heros
herpes
herpes's
herring
herring's
herringbone
herringbone's
herrings
hers
herself
hertz
hertz's
hertzes
hes
hesitancy
hesitancy's
hesitant
hesitantly
hesitate
hesitated
hesitates
hesitating
hesitatingly
hesitation
hesitation's
hesitations
heterodox
heterodoxy
heterodoxy's
heterogeneity
heterogeneity's
heterogeneous
heterosexual
heterosexual's
heterosexuality
heterosexuality's
heterosexuals
heuristic
heuristic's
heuristics
hew
hewed
hewer
hewer's
hewers
hewing
hewn
hews
hex
hex's
hexadecimal
hexagon
hexagon's
hexagonal
hexagons
hexameter
hexameter's
hexameters
hexed
hexes
hexing
hey
heyday
heyday's
heydays
hi
hiatus
hiatus's
hiatuses
hibachi
hibachi's
hibachis
hibernate
hibernated
hibernates
hibernating
hibernation
hibernation's
hibiscus
hibiscus's
hibiscuses
hiccough
hiccough's
hiccoughed
hiccoughing
hiccoughs
hiccup
hiccup's
hiccuped
hiccuping
hiccups
hick
hick's
hickey
hickey's
hickeys
hickories
hickory
hickory's
hicks
hid
hidden
hide
hide's
hideaway
hideaway's
hideaways
hidebound
hided
hideous
hideously
hideousness
hideousness's
hideout
hideout's
hideouts
hides
hiding
hiding's
hie
hied
hieing
hierarchical
hierarchically
hierarchies
hierarchy
hierarchy's
hieroglyphic
hieroglyphic's
hieroglyphics
hies
hifalutin
high
high's
highball
highball's
highballs
highborn
highboy
highboy's
highboys
highbrow
highbrow's
highbrows
highchair
highchair's
highchairs
higher
highest
highfalutin
highfaluting
highjack
highjack's
highjacked
highjacker
highjacker's
highjackers
highjacking
highjacks
highland
highland's
highlands
highlight
highlight's
highlighted
highlighter
highlighter's
highlighters
highlighting
highlights
highly
highness
highness's
highs
hightail
hightailed
hightailing
hightails
highway
highway's
highwayman
highwayman's
highwaymen
highways
hijack
hijack's
hijacked
hijacker
hijacker's
hijackers
hijacking
hijacking's
hijackings
hijacks
hike
hike's
hiked
hiker
hiker's
hikers
hikes
hiking
hilarious
hilariously
hilarity
hilarity's
hill
hill's
hillbillies
hillbilly
hillbilly's
hillier
hilliest
hillock
hillock's
hillocks
hills
hillside
hillside's
hillsides
hilltop
hilltop's
hilltops
hilly
hilt
hilt's
hilts
him
him's
hims
himself
hind
hind's
hinder
hindered
hindering
hinders
hindmost
hindquarter
hindquarter's
hindquarters
hindrance
hindrance's
hindrances
hinds
hindsight
hindsight's
hinge
hinge's
hinged
hinges
hinging
hint
hint's
hinted
hinterland
hinterland's
hinterlands
hinting
hints
hip
hip's
hipped
hipper
hippest
hippie
hippie's
hippies
hipping
hippo
hippo's
hippopotami
hippopotamus
hippopotamus's
hippopotamuses
hippos
hippy
hippy's
hips
hire
hire's
hired
hireling
hireling's
hirelings
hires
hiring
hirsute
his
hiss
hiss's
hissed
hisses
hissing
histamine
histamine's
histamines
histogram
histogram's
histograms
historian
historian's
historians
historic
historical
historically
histories
history
history's
histrionic
histrionics
histrionics's
hit
hit's
hitch
hitch's
hitched
hitches
hitchhike
hitchhike's
hitchhiked
hitchhiker
hitchhiker's
hitchhikers
hitchhikes
hitchhiking
hitching
hither
hitherto
hits
hitter
hitter's
hitters
hitting
hive
hive's
hived
hives
hiving
ho
ho's
hoagie
hoagie's
hoagies
hoagy
hoagy's
hoard
hoard's
hoarded
hoarder
hoarder's
hoarders
hoarding
hoards
hoarfrost
hoarfrost's
hoarier
hoariest
hoariness
hoariness's
hoarse
hoarsely
hoarseness
hoarseness's
hoarser
hoarsest
hoary
hoax
hoax's
hoaxed
hoaxer
hoaxer's
hoaxers
hoaxes
hoaxing
hob
hob's
hobbies
hobbit
hobble
hobble's
hobbled
hobbles
hobbling
hobby
hobby's
hobbyhorse
hobbyhorse's
hobbyhorses
hobbyist
hobbyist's
hobbyists
hobgoblin
hobgoblin's
hobgoblins
hobnail
hobnail's
hobnailed
hobnailing
hobnails
hobnob
hobnobbed
hobnobbing
hobnobs
hobo
hobo's
hoboes
hobos
hobs
hock
hock's
hocked
hockey
hockey's
hocking
hocks
hockshop
hockshop's
hockshops
hod
hod's
hodgepodge
hodgepodge's
hodgepodges
hods
hoe
hoe's
hoed
hoedown
hoedown's
hoedowns
hoeing
hoes
hog
hog's
hogan
hogan's
hogans
hogged
hogging
hoggish
hogs
hogshead
hogshead's
hogsheads
hogwash
hogwash's
hoist
hoist's
hoisted
hoisting
hoists
hokey
hokier
hokiest
hokum
hokum's
hold
hold's
holder
holder's
holders
holding
holding's
holdings
holdout
holdout's
holdouts
holdover
holdover's
holdovers
holds
holdup
holdup's
holdups
hole
hole's
holed
holes
holiday
holiday's
holidayed
holidaying
holidays
holier
holiest
holiness
holiness's
holing
holistic
holler
holler's
hollered
hollering
hollers
hollies
hollow
hollow's
hollowed
hollower
hollowest
hollowing
hollowly
hollowness
hollowness's
hollows
holly
holly's
hollyhock
hollyhock's
hollyhocks
holocaust
holocaust's
holocausts
hologram
hologram's
holograms
holograph
holograph's
holographic
holographs
holography
holography's
holster
holster's
holstered
holstering
holsters
holy
homage
homage's
homages
homburg
homburg's
homburgs
home
home's
homebodies
homebody
homebody's
homeboy
homeboy's
homeboys
homecoming
homecoming's
homecomings
homed
homegrown
homeland
homeland's
homelands
homeless
homeless's
homelessness
homelessness's
homelier
homeliest
homeliness
homeliness's
homely
homemade
homemaker
homemaker's
homemakers
homeopathic
homeopathy
homeopathy's
homeowner
homeowner's
homeowners
homepage
homepage's
homepages
homer
homer's
homered
homering
homeroom
homeroom's
homerooms
homers
homes
homesick
homesickness
homesickness's
homespun
homespun's
homestead
homestead's
homesteaded
homesteader
homesteader's
homesteaders
homesteading
homesteads
homestretch
homestretch's
homestretches
hometown
hometown's
hometowns
homeward
homewards
homework
homework's
homey
homey's
homeyness
homeyness's
homeys
homicidal
homicide
homicide's
homicides
homie
homie's
homier
homies
homiest
homilies
homily
homily's
hominess
hominess's
homing
hominy
hominy's
homogeneity
homogeneity's
homogeneous
homogeneously
homogenization
homogenization's
homogenize
homogenized
homogenizes
homogenizing
homograph
homograph's
homographs
homonym
homonym's
homonyms
homophobia
homophobia's
homophobic
homophone
homophone's
homophones
homosexual
homosexual's
homosexuality
homosexuality's
homosexuals
homy
honcho
honcho's
honchos
hone
hone's
honed
hones
honest
honester
honestest
honestly
honesty
honesty's
honey
honey's
honeybee
honeybee's
honeybees
honeycomb
honeycomb's
honeycombed
honeycombing
honeycombs
honeydew
honeydew's
honeydews
honeyed
honeying
honeymoon
honeymoon's
honeymooned
honeymooner
honeymooner's
honeymooners
honeymooning
honeymoons
honeys
honeysuckle
honeysuckle's
honeysuckles
honied
honing
honk
honk's
honked
honking
honks
honor
honor's
honorable
honorably
honoraria
honorarium
honorarium's
honorariums
honorary
honored
honorific
honorific's
honorifics
honoring
honors
hooch
hooch's
hood
hood's
hooded
hooding
hoodlum
hoodlum's
hoodlums
hoodoo
hoodoo's
hoodooed
hoodooing
hoodoos
hoods
hoodwink
hoodwinked
hoodwinking
hoodwinks
hooey
hooey's
hoof
hoof's
hoofed
hoofing
hoofs
hook
hook's
hookah
hookah's
hookahs
hooked
hooker
hooker's
hookers
hookey
hookey's
hooking
hooks
hookup
hookup's
hookups
hookworm
hookworm's
hookworms
hooky
hooky's
hooligan
hooligan's
hooliganism
hooliganism's
hooligans
hoop
hoop's
hooped
hooping
hoopla
hoopla's
hoops
hoorah
hoorah's
hoorahs
hooray
hooray's
hoorayed
hooraying
hoorays
hoot
hoot's
hootch
hootch's
hooted
hooter
hooter's
hooters
hooting
hoots
hooves
hop
hop's
hope
hope's
hoped
hopeful
hopeful's
hopefully
hopefulness
hopefulness's
hopefuls
hopeless
hopelessly
hopelessness
hopelessness's
hopes
hoping
hopped
hopper
hopper's
hoppers
hopping
hops
hopscotch
hopscotch's
hopscotched
hopscotches
hopscotching
horde
horde's
horded
hordes
hording
horizon
horizon's
horizons
horizontal
horizontal's
horizontally
horizontals
hormonal
hormone
hormone's
hormones
horn
horn's
horned
hornet
hornet's
hornets
hornier
horniest
hornless
hornpipe
hornpipe's
hornpipes
horns
horny
horology
horology's
horoscope
horoscope's
horoscopes
horrendous
horrendously
horrible
horribly
horrid
horridly
horrific
horrified
horrifies
horrify
horrifying
horror
horror's
horrors
horse
horse's
horseback
horseback's
horsed
horseflies
horsefly
horsefly's
horsehair
horsehair's
horsehide
horsehide's
horseman
horseman's
horsemanship
horsemanship's
horsemen
horseplay
horseplay's
horsepower
horsepower's
horseradish
horseradish's
horseradishes
horses
horseshoe
horseshoe's
horseshoed
horseshoeing
horseshoes
horsetail
horsetail's
horsetails
horsewhip
horsewhip's
horsewhipped
horsewhipping
horsewhips
horsewoman
horsewoman's
horsewomen
horsey
horsier
horsiest
horsing
horsy
horticultural
horticulture
horticulture's
horticulturist
horticulturist's
horticulturists
hos
hosanna
hosanna's
hosannas
hose
hose's
hosed
hoses
hosiery
hosiery's
hosing
hospice
hospice's
hospices
hospitable
hospitably
hospital
hospital's
hospitality
hospitality's
hospitalization
hospitalization's
hospitalizations
hospitalize
hospitalized
hospitalizes
hospitalizing
hospitals
host
host's
hostage
hostage's
hostages
hosted
hostel
hostel's
hosteled
hosteler
hosteler's
hostelers
hosteling
hostelled
hostelling
hostelries
hostelry
hostelry's
hostels
hostess
hostess's
hostessed
hostesses
hostessing
hostile
hostile's
hostilely
hostiles
hostilities
hostilities's
hostility
hostility's
hosting
hostler
hostler's
hostlers
hosts
hot
hotbed
hotbed's
hotbeds
hotcake
hotcake's
hotcakes
hotel
hotel's
hotelier
hotelier's
hoteliers
hotels
hothead
hothead's
hotheaded
hotheadedly
hotheadedness
hotheadedness's
hotheads
hothouse
hothouse's
hothouses
hotly
hotness
hotness's
hotshot
hotshot's
hotshots
hotter
hottest
hoummos
hound
hound's
hounded
hounding
hounds
hour
hour's
hourglass
hourglass's
hourglasses
hourly
hours
house
house's
houseboat
houseboat's
houseboats
housebound
housebreak
housebreaking
housebreaking's
housebreaks
housebroke
housebroken
houseclean
housecleaned
housecleaning
housecleaning's
housecleans
housecoat
housecoat's
housecoats
housed
houseflies
housefly
housefly's
household
household's
householder
householder's
householders
households
househusband
househusband's
househusbands
housekeeper
housekeeper's
housekeepers
housekeeping
housekeeping's
housemaid
housemaid's
housemaids
housemother
housemother's
housemothers
houseplant
houseplant's
houseplants
houses
housetop
housetop's
housetops
housewares
housewares's
housewarming
housewarming's
housewarmings
housewife
housewife's
housewives
housework
housework's
housing
housing's
housings
hove
hovel
hovel's
hovels
hover
hovercraft
hovercraft's
hovered
hovering
hovers
how
how's
howdah
howdah's
howdahs
howdy
however
howitzer
howitzer's
howitzers
howl
howl's
howled
howler
howler's
howlers
howling
howls
hows
howsoever
hub
hub's
hubbies
hubbub
hubbub's
hubbubs
hubby
hubby's
hubcap
hubcap's
hubcaps
hubris
hubris's
hubs
huckleberries
huckleberry
huckleberry's
huckster
huckster's
huckstered
huckstering
hucksters
huddle
huddle's
huddled
huddles
huddling
hue
hue's
hued
hues
huff
huff's
huffed
huffier
huffiest
huffily
huffing
huffs
huffy
hug
hug's
huge
hugely
hugeness
hugeness's
huger
hugest
hugged
hugging
hugs
huh
hula
hula's
hulas
hulk
hulk's
hulking
hulks
hull
hull's
hullabaloo
hullabaloo's
hullabaloos
hulled
hulling
hulls
hum
hum's
human
human's
humane
humanely
humaneness
humaneness's
humaner
humanest
humanism
humanism's
humanist
humanist's
humanistic
humanists
humanitarian
humanitarian's
humanitarianism
humanitarianism's
humanitarians
humanities
humanities's
humanity
humanity's
humanization
humanization's
humanize
humanized
humanizer
humanizer's
humanizers
humanizes
humanizing
humankind
humankind's
humanly
humanness
humanness's
humanoid
humanoid's
humanoids
humans
humble
humbled
humbleness
humbleness's
humbler
humbles
humblest
humbling
humblings
humbly
humbug
humbug's
humbugged
humbugging
humbugs
humdinger
humdinger's
humdingers
humdrum
humdrum's
humeri
humerus
humerus's
humid
humidified
humidifier
humidifier's
humidifiers
humidifies
humidify
humidifying
humidity
humidity's
humidor
humidor's
humidors
humiliate
humiliated
humiliates
humiliating
humiliation
humiliation's
humiliations
humility
humility's
hummed
humming
hummingbird
hummingbird's
hummingbirds
hummock
hummock's
hummocks
humongous
humor
humor's
humored
humoring
humorist
humorist's
humorists
humorless
humorlessness
humorlessness's
humorous
humorously
humors
hump
hump's
humpback
humpback's
humpbacked
humpbacks
humped
humping
humps
hums
humungous
humus
humus's
hunch
hunch's
hunchback
hunchback's
hunchbacked
hunchbacks
hunched
hunches
hunching
hundred
hundred's
hundredfold
hundreds
hundredth
hundredth's
hundredths
hundredweight
hundredweight's
hundredweights
hung
hunger
hunger's
hungered
hungering
hungers
hungover
hungrier
hungriest
hungrily
hungry
hunk
hunk's
hunker
hunkered
hunkering
hunkers
hunks
hunt
hunt's
hunted
hunter
hunter's
hunters
hunting
hunting's
huntress
huntress's
huntresses
hunts
huntsman
huntsman's
huntsmen
hurdle
hurdle's
hurdled
hurdler
hurdler's
hurdlers
hurdles
hurdling
hurl
hurl's
hurled
hurler
hurler's
hurlers
hurling
hurls
hurrah
hurrah's
hurrahed
hurrahing
hurrahs
hurray
hurray's
hurrayed
hurraying
hurrays
hurricane
hurricane's
hurricanes
hurried
hurriedly
hurries
hurry
hurry's
hurrying
hurt
hurt's
hurtful
hurting
hurtle
hurtled
hurtles
hurtling
hurts
husband
husband's
husbanded
husbanding
husbandry
husbandry's
husbands
hush
hush's
hushed
hushes
hushing
husk
husk's
husked
husker
husker's
huskers
huskier
huskies
huskiest
huskily
huskiness
huskiness's
husking
husks
husky
husky's
hussar
hussar's
hussars
hussies
hussy
hussy's
hustings
hustings's
hustle
hustle's
hustled
hustler
hustler's
hustlers
hustles
hustling
hut
hut's
hutch
hutch's
hutches
huts
hutzpa
hutzpa's
hutzpah
hutzpah's
hyacinth
hyacinth's
hyacinths
hyaena
hyaena's
hyaenas
hybrid
hybrid's
hybridize
hybridized
hybridizes
hybridizing
hybrids
hydra
hydra's
hydrae
hydrangea
hydrangea's
hydrangeas
hydrant
hydrant's
hydrants
hydras
hydrate
hydrate's
hydrated
hydrates
hydrating
hydraulic
hydraulically
hydraulics
hydraulics's
hydrocarbon
hydrocarbon's
hydrocarbons
hydroelectric
hydroelectricity
hydroelectricity's
hydrofoil
hydrofoil's
hydrofoils
hydrogen
hydrogen's
hydrogenate
hydrogenated
hydrogenates
hydrogenating
hydrology
hydrology's
hydrolysis
hydrolysis's
hydrometer
hydrometer's
hydrometers
hydrophobia
hydrophobia's
hydroplane
hydroplane's
hydroplaned
hydroplanes
hydroplaning
hydroponic
hydroponics
hydroponics's
hydrosphere
hydrosphere's
hydrotherapy
hydrotherapy's
hyena
hyena's
hyenas
hygiene
hygiene's
hygienic
hygienically
hygienist
hygienist's
hygienists
hygrometer
hygrometer's
hygrometers
hying
hymen
hymen's
hymens
hymn
hymn's
hymnal
hymnal's
hymnals
hymned
hymning
hymns
hype
hype's
hyped
hyper
hyperactive
hyperactivity
hyperactivity's
hyperbola
hyperbola's
hyperbolae
hyperbolas
hyperbole
hyperbole's
hyperbolic
hypercritical
hypercritically
hypermarket
hypersensitive
hypersensitivities
hypersensitivity
hypersensitivity's
hyperspace
hypertension
hypertension's
hypertext
hypertext's
hyperventilate
hyperventilated
hyperventilates
hyperventilating
hyperventilation
hyperventilation's
hypes
hyphen
hyphen's
hyphenate
hyphenate's
hyphenated
hyphenates
hyphenating
hyphenation
hyphenation's
hyphenations
hyphened
hyphening
hyphens
hyping
hypnoses
hypnosis
hypnosis's
hypnotic
hypnotic's
hypnotically
hypnotics
hypnotism
hypnotism's
hypnotist
hypnotist's
hypnotists
hypnotize
hypnotized
hypnotizes
hypnotizing
hypo
hypo's
hypoallergenic
hypochondria
hypochondria's
hypochondriac
hypochondriac's
hypochondriacs
hypocrisies
hypocrisy
hypocrisy's
hypocrite
hypocrite's
hypocrites
hypocritical
hypocritically
hypodermic
hypodermic's
hypodermics
hypoglycemia
hypoglycemia's
hypoglycemic
hypoglycemic's
hypoglycemics
hypos
hypotenuse
hypotenuse's
hypotenuses
hypothalami
hypothalamus
hypothalamus's
hypothermia
hypothermia's
hypotheses
hypothesis
hypothesis's
hypothesize
hypothesized
hypothesizes
hypothesizing
hypothetical
hypothetically
hysterectomies
hysterectomy
hysterectomy's
hysteresis
hysteria
hysteria's
hysteric
hysteric's
hysterical
hysterically
hysterics
hysterics's
i
iPad
iPhone
iPod
iPod's
iTunes
iTunes's
iamb
iamb's
iambic
iambic's
iambics
iambs
ibex
ibex's
ibexes
ibices
ibis
ibis's
ibises
ibuprofen
ibuprofen's
ice
ice's
iceberg
iceberg's
icebergs
icebound
icebox
icebox's
iceboxes
icebreaker
icebreaker's
icebreakers
icecap
icecap's
icecaps
iced
ices
icicle
icicle's
icicles
icier
iciest
icily
iciness
iciness's
icing
icing's
icings
ickier
ickiest
icky
icon
icon's
iconoclast
iconoclast's
iconoclastic
iconoclasts
icons
icy
id
id's
idea
idea's
ideal
ideal's
idealism
idealism's
idealist
idealist's
idealistic
idealistically
idealists
idealization
idealization's
idealize
idealized
idealizes
idealizing
ideally
ideals
ideas
identical
identically
identifiable
identification
identification's
identified
identifier
identifiers
identifies
identify
identifying
identities
identity
identity's
ideogram
ideogram's
ideograms
ideograph
ideograph's
ideographs
ideological
ideologically
ideologies
ideologist
ideologist's
ideologists
ideology
ideology's
ides
ides's
idiocies
idiocy
idiocy's
idiom
idiom's
idiomatic
idiomatically
idioms
idiosyncrasies
idiosyncrasy
idiosyncrasy's
idiosyncratic
idiot
idiot's
idiotic
idiotically
idiots
idle
idle's
idled
idleness
idleness's
idler
idler's
idlers
idles
idlest
idling
idly
idol
idol's
idolater
idolater's
idolaters
idolatrous
idolatry
idolatry's
idolize
idolized
idolizes
idolizing
idols
ids
idyl
idyl's
idyll
idyll's
idyllic
idylls
idyls
if
if's
iffier
iffiest
iffy
ifs
igloo
igloo's
igloos
igneous
ignite
ignited
ignites
igniting
ignition
ignition's
ignitions
ignoble
ignobly
ignominies
ignominious
ignominiously
ignominy
ignominy's
ignoramus
ignoramus's
ignoramuses
ignorance
ignorance's
ignorant
ignorantly
ignore
ignored
ignores
ignoring
iguana
iguana's
iguanas
ikon
ikon's
ikons
ilk
ilk's
ilks
ill
ill's
illegal
illegal's
illegalities
illegality
illegality's
illegally
illegals
illegibility
illegibility's
illegible
illegibly
illegitimacy
illegitimacy's
illegitimate
illegitimately
illiberal
illicit
illicitly
illicitness
illicitness's
illiteracy
illiteracy's
illiterate
illiterate's
illiterates
illness
illness's
illnesses
illogical
illogically
ills
illuminate
illuminated
illuminates
illuminating
illumination
illumination's
illuminations
illumine
illumined
illumines
illumining
illusion
illusion's
illusions
illusive
illusory
illustrate
illustrated
illustrates
illustrating
illustration
illustration's
illustrations
illustrative
illustrator
illustrator's
illustrators
illustrious
image
image's
imaged
imagery
imagery's
images
imaginable
imaginably
imaginary
imagination
imagination's
imaginations
imaginative
imaginatively
imagine
imagined
imagines
imaging
imagining
imam
imam's
imams
imbalance
imbalance's
imbalanced
imbalances
imbecile
imbecile's
imbeciles
imbecilic
imbecilities
imbecility
imbecility's
imbed
imbedded
imbedding
imbeds
imbibe
imbibed
imbibes
imbibing
imbroglio
imbroglio's
imbroglios
imbue
imbued
imbues
imbuing
imitate
imitated
imitates
imitating
imitation
imitation's
imitations
imitative
imitator
imitator's
imitators
immaculate
immaculately
immaculateness
immaculateness's
immanence
immanence's
immanent
immaterial
immature
immaturely
immaturity
immaturity's
immeasurable
immeasurably
immediacy
immediacy's
immediate
immediately
immemorial
immense
immensely
immensities
immensity
immensity's
immerse
immersed
immerses
immersing
immersion
immersion's
immersions
immigrant
immigrant's
immigrants
immigrate
immigrated
immigrates
immigrating
immigration
immigration's
imminence
imminence's
imminent
imminently
immobile
immobility
immobility's
immobilization
immobilization's
immobilize
immobilized
immobilizes
immobilizing
immoderate
immoderately
immodest
immodestly
immodesty
immodesty's
immolate
immolated
immolates
immolating
immolation
immolation's
immoral
immoralities
immorality
immorality's
immorally
immortal
immortal's
immortality
immortality's
immortalize
immortalized
immortalizes
immortalizing
immortally
immortals
immovable
immovably
immoveable
immune
immunity
immunity's
immunization
immunization's
immunizations
immunize
immunized
immunizes
immunizing
immunology
immunology's
immure
immured
immures
immuring
immutability
immutability's
immutable
immutably
imp
imp's
impact
impact's
impacted
impacting
impacts
impair
impaired
impairing
impairment
impairment's
impairments
impairs
impala
impala's
impalas
impale
impaled
impalement
impalement's
impales
impaling
impalpable
impanel
impaneled
impaneling
impanels
impart
imparted
impartial
impartiality
impartiality's
impartially
imparting
imparts
impassable
impasse
impasse's
impasses
impassioned
impassive
impassively
impassivity
impassivity's
impatience
impatience's
impatiences
impatient
impatiently
impeach
impeached
impeaches
impeaching
impeachment
impeachment's
impeachments
impeccability
impeccability's
impeccable
impeccably
impecunious
impecuniousness
impecuniousness's
impedance
impedance's
impede
impeded
impedes
impediment
impediment's
impedimenta
impedimenta's
impediments
impeding
impel
impelled
impelling
impels
impend
impended
impending
impends
impenetrability
impenetrability's
impenetrable
impenetrably
impenitence
impenitence's
impenitent
imperative
imperative's
imperatively
imperatives
imperceptible
imperceptibly
imperfect
imperfect's
imperfection
imperfection's
imperfections
imperfectly
imperfects
imperial
imperial's
imperialism
imperialism's
imperialist
imperialist's
imperialistic
imperialists
imperially
imperials
imperil
imperiled
imperiling
imperilled
imperilling
imperils
imperious
imperiously
imperiousness
imperiousness's
imperishable
impermanence
impermanence's
impermanent
impermeable
impermissible
impersonal
impersonally
impersonate
impersonated
impersonates
impersonating
impersonation
impersonation's
impersonations
impersonator
impersonator's
impersonators
impertinence
impertinence's
impertinent
impertinently
imperturbability
imperturbability's
imperturbable
imperturbably
impervious
impetigo
impetigo's
impetuosity
impetuosity's
impetuous
impetuously
impetus
impetus's
impetuses
impieties
impiety
impiety's
impinge
impinged
impingement
impingement's
impinges
impinging
impious
impiously
impish
impishly
impishness
impishness's
implacability
implacability's
implacable
implacably
implant
implant's
implantation
implantation's
implanted
implanting
implants
implausibilities
implausibility
implausibility's
implausible
implausibly
implement
implement's
implementable
implementation
implementation's
implementations
implemented
implementer
implementing
implements
implicate
implicated
implicates
implicating
implication
implication's
implications
implicit
implicitly
implied
implies
implode
imploded
implodes
imploding
implore
implored
implores
imploring
implosion
implosion's
implosions
imply
implying
impolite
impolitely
impoliteness
impoliteness's
impolitenesses
impolitic
imponderable
imponderable's
imponderables
import
import's
importance
importance's
important
importantly
importation
importation's
importations
imported
importer
importer's
importers
importing
imports
importunate
importune
importuned
importunes
importuning
importunity
importunity's
impose
imposed
imposes
imposing
imposingly
imposition
imposition's
impositions
impossibilities
impossibility
impossibility's
impossible
impossibles
impossibly
imposter
imposter's
imposters
impostor
impostor's
impostors
imposture
imposture's
impostures
impotence
impotence's
impotent
impotently
impound
impounded
impounding
impounds
impoverish
impoverished
impoverishes
impoverishing
impoverishment
impoverishment's
impracticable
impracticably
impractical
impracticality
impracticality's
imprecation
imprecation's
imprecations
imprecise
imprecisely
imprecision
imprecision's
impregnability
impregnability's
impregnable
impregnably
impregnate
impregnated
impregnates
impregnating
impregnation
impregnation's
impresario
impresario's
impresarios
impress
impress's
impressed
impresses
impressing
impression
impression's
impressionable
impressionism
impressionism's
impressionist
impressionist's
impressionistic
impressionists
impressions
impressive
impressively
impressiveness
impressiveness's
imprimatur
imprimatur's
imprimaturs
imprint
imprint's
imprinted
imprinting
imprints
imprison
imprisoned
imprisoning
imprisonment
imprisonment's
imprisonments
imprisons
improbabilities
improbability
improbability's
improbable
improbably
impromptu
impromptu's
impromptus
improper
improperly
improprieties
impropriety
impropriety's
improvable
improve
improved
improvement
improvement's
improvements
improves
improvidence
improvidence's
improvident
improvidently
improving
improvisation
improvisation's
improvisations
improvise
improvised
improvises
improvising
imprudence
imprudence's
imprudent
imps
impudence
impudence's
impudent
impudently
impugn
impugned
impugning
impugns
impulse
impulse's
impulsed
impulses
impulsing
impulsion
impulsion's
impulsive
impulsively
impulsiveness
impulsiveness's
impunity
impunity's
impure
impurely
impurer
impurest
impurities
impurity
impurity's
imputation
imputation's
imputations
impute
imputed
imputes
imputing
in
in's
inabilities
inability
inability's
inaccessibility
inaccessibility's
inaccessible
inaccuracies
inaccuracy
inaccuracy's
inaccurate
inaccurately
inaction
inaction's
inactive
inactivity
inactivity's
inadequacies
inadequacy
inadequacy's
inadequate
inadequately
inadmissible
inadvertence
inadvertence's
inadvertent
inadvertently
inadvisable
inalienable
inamorata
inamorata's
inamoratas
inane
inanely
inaner
inanest
inanimate
inanities
inanity
inanity's
inapplicable
inappropriate
inappropriately
inapt
inarticulate
inarticulately
inasmuch
inattention
inattention's
inattentive
inaudible
inaudibly
inaugural
inaugural's
inaugurals
inaugurate
inaugurated
inaugurates
inaugurating
inauguration
inauguration's
inaugurations
inauspicious
inboard
inboard's
inboards
inborn
inbound
inbred
inbreed
inbreeding
inbreeding's
inbreeds
inbuilt
incalculable
incalculably
incandescence
incandescence's
incandescent
incantation
incantation's
incantations
incapability
incapability's
incapable
incapacitate
incapacitated
incapacitates
incapacitating
incapacity
incapacity's
incarcerate
incarcerated
incarcerates
incarcerating
incarceration
incarceration's
incarcerations
incarnate
incarnated
incarnates
incarnating
incarnation
incarnation's
incarnations
incautious
incendiaries
incendiary
incendiary's
incense
incense's
incensed
incenses
incensing
incentive
incentive's
incentives
inception
inception's
inceptions
incessant
incessantly
incest
incest's
incestuous
inch
inch's
inched
inches
inching
inchoate
incidence
incidence's
incidences
incident
incident's
incidental
incidental's
incidentally
incidentals
incidents
incinerate
incinerated
incinerates
incinerating
incineration
incineration's
incinerator
incinerator's
incinerators
incipient
incise
incised
incises
incising
incision
incision's
incisions
incisive
incisively
incisiveness
incisiveness's
incisor
incisor's
incisors
incite
incited
incitement
incitement's
incitements
incites
inciting
incivilities
incivility
incivility's
inclemency
inclemency's
inclement
inclination
inclination's
inclinations
incline
incline's
inclined
inclines
inclining
inclose
inclosed
incloses
inclosing
inclosure
inclosure's
inclosures
include
included
includes
including
inclusion
inclusion's
inclusions
inclusive
inclusively
incognito
incognito's
incognitos
incoherence
incoherence's
incoherent
incoherently
incombustible
income
income's
incomes
incoming
incommensurate
incommunicado
incomparable
incomparably
incompatibilities
incompatibility
incompatibility's
incompatible
incompatible's
incompatibles
incompatibly
incompetence
incompetence's
incompetent
incompetent's
incompetently
incompetents
incomplete
incompletely
incompleteness
incomprehensible
incomprehensibly
inconceivable
inconceivably
inconclusive
inconclusively
incongruities
incongruity
incongruity's
incongruous
incongruously
inconsequential
inconsequentially
inconsiderable
inconsiderate
inconsiderately
inconsiderateness
inconsiderateness's
inconsistencies
inconsistency
inconsistency's
inconsistent
inconsistently
inconsolable
inconspicuous
inconspicuously
inconspicuousness
inconspicuousness's
inconstancy
inconstancy's
inconstant
incontestable
incontestably
incontinence
incontinence's
incontinent
incontrovertible
incontrovertibly
inconvenience
inconvenience's
inconvenienced
inconveniences
inconveniencing
inconvenient
inconveniently
incorporate
incorporated
incorporates
incorporating
incorporation
incorporation's
incorporeal
incorrect
incorrectly
incorrectness
incorrectness's
incorrigibility
incorrigibility's
incorrigible
incorrigibly
incorruptibility
incorruptibility's
incorruptible
increase
increase's
increased
increases
increasing
increasingly
incredibility
incredibility's
incredible
incredibly
incredulity
incredulity's
incredulous
incredulously
increment
increment's
incremental
incremented
increments
incriminate
incriminated
incriminates
incriminating
incrimination
incrimination's
incriminatory
incrust
incrustation
incrustation's
incrustations
incrusted
incrusting
incrusts
incubate
incubated
incubates
incubating
incubation
incubation's
incubator
incubator's
incubators
incubi
incubus
incubus's
incubuses
inculcate
inculcated
inculcates
inculcating
inculcation
inculcation's
inculpate
inculpated
inculpates
inculpating
incumbencies
incumbency
incumbency's
incumbent
incumbent's
incumbents
incur
incurable
incurable's
incurables
incurably
incurious
incurred
incurring
incurs
incursion
incursion's
incursions
indebted
indebtedness
indebtedness's
indecencies
indecency
indecency's
indecent
indecently
indecipherable
indecision
indecision's
indecisive
indecisively
indecisiveness
indecisiveness's
indecorous
indeed
indefatigable
indefatigably
indefensible
indefensibly
indefinable
indefinably
indefinite
indefinitely
indelible
indelibly
indelicacies
indelicacy
indelicacy's
indelicate
indelicately
indemnification
indemnification's
indemnifications
indemnified
indemnifies
indemnify
indemnifying
indemnities
indemnity
indemnity's
indent
indent's
indentation
indentation's
indentations
indented
indenting
indents
indenture
indenture's
indentured
indentures
indenturing
independence
independence's
independent
independent's
independently
independents
indescribable
indescribably
indestructible
indestructibly
indeterminable
indeterminacy
indeterminacy's
indeterminate
indeterminately
index
index's
indexed
indexes
indexing
indicate
indicated
indicates
indicating
indication
indication's
indications
indicative
indicative's
indicatives
indicator
indicator's
indicators
indices
indict
indictable
indicted
indicting
indictment
indictment's
indictments
indicts
indifference
indifference's
indifferent
indifferently
indigence
indigence's
indigenous
indigent
indigent's
indigents
indigestible
indigestion
indigestion's
indignant
indignantly
indignation
indignation's
indignities
indignity
indignity's
indigo
indigo's
indirect
indirection
indirectly
indirectness
indirectness's
indiscernible
indiscreet
indiscreetly
indiscretion
indiscretion's
indiscretions
indiscriminate
indiscriminately
indispensable
indispensable's
indispensables
indispensably
indisposed
indisposition
indisposition's
indispositions
indisputable
indisputably
indissoluble
indistinct
indistinctly
indistinctness
indistinctness's
indistinguishable
individual
individual's
individualism
individualism's
individualist
individualist's
individualistic
individualists
individuality
individuality's
individualize
individualized
individualizes
individualizing
individually
individuals
indivisibility
indivisibility's
indivisible
indivisibly
indoctrinate
indoctrinated
indoctrinates
indoctrinating
indoctrination
indoctrination's
indolence
indolence's
indolent
indolently
indomitable
indomitably
indoor
indoors
indorse
indorsed
indorsement
indorsement's
indorsements
indorses
indorsing
indubitable
indubitably
induce
induced
inducement
inducement's
inducements
induces
inducing
induct
inductance
inductance's
inducted
inductee
inductee's
inductees
inducting
induction
induction's
inductions
inductive
inducts
indue
indued
indues
induing
indulge
indulged
indulgence
indulgence's
indulgences
indulgent
indulgently
indulges
indulging
industrial
industrialism
industrialism's
industrialist
industrialist's
industrialists
industrialization
industrialization's
industrialize
industrialized
industrializes
industrializing
industrially
industries
industrious
industriously
industriousness
industriousness's
industry
industry's
inebriate
inebriate's
inebriated
inebriates
inebriating
inebriation
inebriation's
inedible
ineducable
ineffable
ineffably
ineffective
ineffectively
ineffectiveness
ineffectiveness's
ineffectual
ineffectually
inefficiencies
inefficiency
inefficiency's
inefficient
inefficiently
inelastic
inelegance
inelegant
inelegantly
ineligibility
ineligibility's
ineligible
ineligible's
ineligibles
ineluctable
ineluctably
inept
ineptitude
ineptitude's
ineptly
ineptness
ineptness's
inequalities
inequality
inequality's
inequitable
inequities
inequity
inequity's
inert
inertia
inertia's
inertial
inertly
inertness
inertness's
inescapable
inescapably
inessential
inessential's
inessentials
inestimable
inestimably
inevitability
inevitability's
inevitable
inevitable's
inevitably
inexact
inexcusable
inexcusably
inexhaustible
inexhaustibly
inexorable
inexorably
inexpedient
inexpensive
inexpensively
inexperience
inexperience's
inexperienced
inexpert
inexplicable
inexplicably
inexpressible
inextinguishable
inextricable
inextricably
infallibility
infallibility's
infallible
infallibly
infamies
infamous
infamously
infamy
infamy's
infancy
infancy's
infant
infant's
infanticide
infanticide's
infanticides
infantile
infantries
infantry
infantry's
infantryman
infantryman's
infantrymen
infants
infarction
infarction's
infatuate
infatuated
infatuates
infatuating
infatuation
infatuation's
infatuations
infect
infected
infecting
infection
infection's
infections
infectious
infectiously
infectiousness
infectiousness's
infects
infelicities
infelicitous
infelicity
infelicity's
infer
inference
inference's
inferences
inferential
inferior
inferior's
inferiority
inferiority's
inferiors
infernal
inferno
inferno's
infernos
inferred
inferring
infers
infertile
infertility
infertility's
infest
infestation
infestation's
infestations
infested
infesting
infests
infidel
infidel's
infidelities
infidelity
infidelity's
infidels
infield
infield's
infielder
infielder's
infielders
infields
infighting
infighting's
infiltrate
infiltrated
infiltrates
infiltrating
infiltration
infiltration's
infiltrator
infiltrator's
infiltrators
infinite
infinite's
infinitely
infinitesimal
infinitesimal's
infinitesimally
infinitesimals
infinities
infinitive
infinitive's
infinitives
infinitude
infinitude's
infinity
infinity's
infirm
infirmaries
infirmary
infirmary's
infirmities
infirmity
infirmity's
infix
inflame
inflamed
inflames
inflaming
inflammable
inflammation
inflammation's
inflammations
inflammatory
inflatable
inflatable's
inflatables
inflate
inflated
inflates
inflating
inflation
inflation's
inflationary
inflect
inflected
inflecting
inflection
inflection's
inflectional
inflections
inflects
inflexibility
inflexibility's
inflexible
inflexibly
inflict
inflicted
inflicting
infliction
infliction's
inflicts
inflorescence
inflorescence's
inflow
influence
influence's
influenced
influences
influencing
influential
influentially
influenza
influenza's
influx
influx's
influxes
info
info's
infomercial
infomercial's
infomercials
inform
informal
informality
informality's
informally
informant
informant's
informants
information
information's
informational
informative
informed
informer
informer's
informers
informing
informs
infotainment
infotainment's
infraction
infraction's
infractions
infrared
infrared's
infrastructure
infrastructure's
infrastructures
infrequency
infrequency's
infrequent
infrequently
infringe
infringed
infringement
infringement's
infringements
infringes
infringing
infuriate
infuriated
infuriates
infuriating
infuriatingly
infuse
infused
infuses
infusing
infusion
infusion's
infusions
ingenious
ingeniously
ingenuity
ingenuity's
ingenuous
ingenuously
ingenuousness
ingenuousness's
ingest
ingested
ingesting
ingestion
ingestion's
ingests
inglorious
ingot
ingot's
ingots
ingrain
ingrained
ingraining
ingrains
ingrate
ingrate's
ingrates
ingratiate
ingratiated
ingratiates
ingratiating
ingratiatingly
ingratitude
ingratitude's
ingredient
ingredient's
ingredients
ingress
ingress's
ingresses
ingrown
ingénue
ingénue's
ingénues
inhabit
inhabitable
inhabitant
inhabitant's
inhabitants
inhabited
inhabiting
inhabits
inhalant
inhalant's
inhalants
inhalation
inhalation's
inhalations
inhalator
inhalator's
inhalators
inhale
inhaled
inhaler
inhaler's
inhalers
inhales
inhaling
inhere
inhered
inherent
inherently
inheres
inhering
inherit
inheritance
inheritance's
inheritances
inherited
inheriting
inheritor
inheritor's
inheritors
inherits
inhibit
inhibited
inhibiting
inhibition
inhibition's
inhibitions
inhibits
inhospitable
inhuman
inhumane
inhumanely
inhumanities
inhumanity
inhumanity's
inhumanly
inimical
inimically
inimitable
inimitably
iniquities
iniquitous
iniquity
iniquity's
initial
initial's
initialed
initialing
initialization
initialize
initialized
initializes
initializing
initialled
initialling
initially
initials
initiate
initiate's
initiated
initiates
initiating
initiation
initiation's
initiations
initiative
initiative's
initiatives
initiator
initiator's
initiators
inject
injected
injecting
injection
injection's
injections
injector
injector's
injectors
injects
injudicious
injunction
injunction's
injunctions
injure
injured
injures
injuries
injuring
injurious
injury
injury's
injustice
injustice's
injustices
ink
ink's
inkblot
inkblot's
inkblots
inked
inkier
inkiest
inkiness
inkiness's
inking
inkling
inkling's
inklings
inks
inkwell
inkwell's
inkwells
inky
inlaid
inland
inland's
inlay
inlay's
inlaying
inlays
inlet
inlet's
inlets
inline
inmate
inmate's
inmates
inmost
inn
inn's
innards
innards's
innate
innately
inner
innermost
inning
inning's
innings
innkeeper
innkeeper's
innkeepers
innocence
innocence's
innocent
innocent's
innocently
innocents
innocuous
innocuously
innovate
innovated
innovates
innovating
innovation
innovation's
innovations
innovative
innovator
innovator's
innovators
inns
innuendo
innuendo's
innuendoes
innuendos
innumerable
inoculate
inoculated
inoculates
inoculating
inoculation
inoculation's
inoculations
inoffensive
inoffensively
inoperable
inoperative
inopportune
inordinate
inordinately
inorganic
inpatient
inpatient's
inpatients
input
input's
inputs
inputted
inputting
inquest
inquest's
inquests
inquietude
inquietude's
inquire
inquired
inquirer
inquirer's
inquirers
inquires
inquiries
inquiring
inquiringly
inquiry
inquiry's
inquisition
inquisition's
inquisitions
inquisitive
inquisitively
inquisitiveness
inquisitiveness's
inquisitor
inquisitor's
inquisitors
inroad
inroad's
inroads
ins
insane
insanely
insaner
insanest
insanity
insanity's
insatiable
insatiably
inscribe
inscribed
inscribes
inscribing
inscription
inscription's
inscriptions
inscrutable
inscrutably
inseam
inseam's
inseams
insect
insect's
insecticide
insecticide's
insecticides
insectivore
insectivore's
insectivores
insectivorous
insects
insecure
insecurely
insecurities
insecurity
insecurity's
inseminate
inseminated
inseminates
inseminating
insemination
insemination's
insensate
insensibility
insensibility's
insensible
insensibly
insensitive
insensitively
insensitivity
insensitivity's
insentience
insentience's
insentient
inseparability
inseparability's
inseparable
inseparable's
inseparables
inseparably
insert
insert's
inserted
inserting
insertion
insertion's
insertions
inserts
inset
inset's
insets
insetted
insetting
inshore
inside
inside's
insider
insider's
insiders
insides
insidious
insidiously
insidiousness
insidiousness's
insight
insight's
insightful
insights
insigne
insigne's
insignes
insignia
insignia's
insignias
insignificance
insignificance's
insignificant
insignificantly
insincere
insincerely
insincerity
insincerity's
insinuate
insinuated
insinuates
insinuating
insinuation
insinuation's
insinuations
insipid
insist
insisted
insistence
insistence's
insistent
insistently
insisting
insists
insofar
insole
insole's
insolence
insolence's
insolent
insolently
insoles
insolubility
insolubility's
insoluble
insolvable
insolvency
insolvency's
insolvent
insolvent's
insolvents
insomnia
insomnia's
insomniac
insomniac's
insomniacs
insouciance
insouciance's
insouciant
inspect
inspected
inspecting
inspection
inspection's
inspections
inspector
inspector's
inspectors
inspects
inspiration
inspiration's
inspirational
inspirations
inspire
inspired
inspires
inspiring
instability
instability's
instal
install
installation
installation's
installations
installed
installing
installment
installment's
installments
installs
instalment
instalment's
instalments
instals
instance
instance's
instanced
instances
instancing
instant
instant's
instantaneous
instantaneously
instantly
instants
instead
instep
instep's
insteps
instigate
instigated
instigates
instigating
instigation
instigation's
instigator
instigator's
instigators
instil
instill
instilled
instilling
instills
instils
instinct
instinct's
instinctive
instinctively
instincts
institute
institute's
instituted
institutes
instituting
institution
institution's
institutional
institutionalize
institutionalized
institutionalizes
institutionalizing
institutions
instruct
instructed
instructing
instruction
instruction's
instructional
instructions
instructive
instructively
instructor
instructor's
instructors
instructs
instrument
instrument's
instrumental
instrumental's
instrumentalist
instrumentalist's
instrumentalists
instrumentality
instrumentality's
instrumentals
instrumentation
instrumentation's
instrumented
instrumenting
instruments
insubordinate
insubordination
insubordination's
insubstantial
insufferable
insufferably
insufficiency
insufficiency's
insufficient
insufficiently
insular
insularity
insularity's
insulate
insulated
insulates
insulating
insulation
insulation's
insulator
insulator's
insulators
insulin
insulin's
insult
insult's
insulted
insulting
insults
insuperable
insupportable
insurance
insurance's
insurances
insure
insured
insured's
insureds
insurer
insurer's
insurers
insures
insurgence
insurgence's
insurgences
insurgencies
insurgency
insurgency's
insurgent
insurgent's
insurgents
insuring
insurmountable
insurrection
insurrection's
insurrectionist
insurrectionist's
insurrectionists
insurrections
intact
intagli
intaglio
intaglio's
intaglios
intake
intake's
intakes
intangible
intangible's
intangibles
intangibly
integer
integer's
integers
integral
integral's
integrals
integrate
integrated
integrates
integrating
integration
integration's
integrator
integrity
integrity's
integument
integument's
integuments
intellect
intellect's
intellects
intellectual
intellectual's
intellectualism
intellectualize
intellectualized
intellectualizes
intellectualizing
intellectually
intellectuals
intelligence
intelligence's
intelligent
intelligently
intelligentsia
intelligentsia's
intelligibility
intelligibility's
intelligible
intelligibly
intemperance
intemperance's
intemperate
intend
intended
intended's
intendeds
intending
intends
intense
intensely
intenser
intensest
intensification
intensification's
intensified
intensifier
intensifier's
intensifiers
intensifies
intensify
intensifying
intensities
intensity
intensity's
intensive
intensive's
intensively
intensives
intent
intent's
intention
intention's
intentional
intentionally
intentions
intently
intentness
intentness's
intents
inter
interact
interacted
interacting
interaction
interaction's
interactions
interactive
interactively
interacts
interbred
interbreed
interbreeding
interbreeds
intercede
interceded
intercedes
interceding
intercept
intercept's
intercepted
intercepting
interception
interception's
interceptions
interceptor
interceptor's
interceptors
intercepts
intercession
intercession's
intercessions
intercessor
intercessor's
intercessors
interchange
interchange's
interchangeable
interchangeably
interchanged
interchanges
interchanging
intercollegiate
intercom
intercom's
intercoms
interconnect
interconnected
interconnecting
interconnection
interconnection's
interconnections
interconnects
intercontinental
intercourse
intercourse's
interdenominational
interdepartmental
interdependence
interdependence's
interdependent
interdict
interdict's
interdicted
interdicting
interdiction
interdiction's
interdicts
interdisciplinary
interest
interest's
interested
interesting
interestingly
interests
interface
interface's
interfaced
interfaces
interfacing
interfaith
interfere
interfered
interference
interference's
interferes
interfering
interferon
interferon's
intergalactic
interim
interim's
interior
interior's
interiors
interject
interjected
interjecting
interjection
interjection's
interjections
interjects
interlace
interlaced
interlaces
interlacing
interlard
interlarded
interlarding
interlards
interleave
interleaved
interleaves
interleaving
interleukin
interleukin's
interlink
interlinked
interlinking
interlinks
interlock
interlock's
interlocked
interlocking
interlocks
interlocutory
interloper
interloper's
interlopers
interlude
interlude's
interluded
interludes
interluding
intermarriage
intermarriage's
intermarriages
intermarried
intermarries
intermarry
intermarrying
intermediaries
intermediary
intermediary's
intermediate
intermediate's
intermediates
interment
interment's
interments
intermezzi
intermezzo
intermezzo's
intermezzos
interminable
interminably
intermingle
intermingled
intermingles
intermingling
intermission
intermission's
intermissions
intermittent
intermittently
intern
intern's
internal
internalize
internalized
internalizes
internalizing
internally
internals
international
international's
internationalism
internationalism's
internationalize
internationalized
internationalizes
internationalizing
internationally
internationals
interne
interne's
internecine
interned
internee
internee's
internees
internement
internes
interneship
interneships
internet
interning
internist
internist's
internists
internment
internment's
interns
internship
internship's
internships
interoffice
interpersonal
interplanetary
interplay
interplay's
interpolate
interpolated
interpolates
interpolating
interpolation
interpolation's
interpolations
interpose
interposed
interposes
interposing
interposition
interposition's
interpret
interpretation
interpretation's
interpretations
interpretative
interpreted
interpreter
interpreter's
interpreters
interpreting
interpretive
interprets
interracial
interred
interrelate
interrelated
interrelates
interrelating
interrelation
interrelation's
interrelations
interrelationship
interrelationship's
interrelationships
interring
interrogate
interrogated
interrogates
interrogating
interrogation
interrogation's
interrogations
interrogative
interrogative's
interrogatives
interrogator
interrogator's
interrogatories
interrogators
interrogatory
interrogatory's
interrupt
interrupt's
interrupted
interrupting
interruption
interruption's
interruptions
interrupts
inters
interscholastic
intersect
intersected
intersecting
intersection
intersection's
intersections
intersects
intersperse
interspersed
intersperses
interspersing
interstate
interstate's
interstates
interstellar
interstice
interstice's
interstices
intertwine
intertwined
intertwines
intertwining
interurban
interval
interval's
intervals
intervene
intervened
intervenes
intervening
intervention
intervention's
interventions
interview
interview's
interviewed
interviewee
interviewee's
interviewees
interviewer
interviewer's
interviewers
interviewing
interviews
interweave
interweaved
interweaves
interweaving
interwove
interwoven
intestate
intestinal
intestine
intestine's
intestines
intimacies
intimacy
intimacy's
intimate
intimate's
intimated
intimately
intimates
intimating
intimation
intimation's
intimations
intimidate
intimidated
intimidates
intimidating
intimidation
intimidation's
into
intolerable
intolerably
intolerance
intolerance's
intolerant
intonation
intonation's
intonations
intone
intoned
intones
intoning
intoxicant
intoxicant's
intoxicants
intoxicate
intoxicated
intoxicates
intoxicating
intoxication
intoxication's
intractability
intractability's
intractable
intramural
intransigence
intransigence's
intransigent
intransigent's
intransigents
intransitive
intransitive's
intransitively
intransitives
intravenous
intravenous's
intravenouses
intravenously
intrench
intrenched
intrenches
intrenching
intrenchment
intrenchment's
intrepid
intrepidly
intricacies
intricacy
intricacy's
intricate
intricately
intrigue
intrigue's
intrigued
intrigues
intriguing
intriguingly
intrinsic
intrinsically
intro's
introduce
introduced
introduces
introducing
introduction
introduction's
introductions
introductory
intros
introspection
introspection's
introspective
introversion
introversion's
introvert
introvert's
introverted
introverts
intrude
intruded
intruder
intruder's
intruders
intrudes
intruding
intrusion
intrusion's
intrusions
intrusive
intrust
intrusted
intrusting
intrusts
intuit
intuited
intuiting
intuition
intuition's
intuitions
intuitive
intuitively
intuits
inundate
inundated
inundates
inundating
inundation
inundation's
inundations
inure
inured
inures
inuring
invade
invaded
invader
invader's
invaders
invades
invading
invalid
invalid's
invalidate
invalidated
invalidates
invalidating
invalidation
invalidation's
invalided
invaliding
invalidity
invalidity's
invalids
invaluable
invariable
invariable's
invariables
invariably
invariant
invasion
invasion's
invasions
invasive
invective
invective's
inveigh
inveighed
inveighing
inveighs
inveigle
inveigled
inveigles
inveigling
invent
invented
inventing
invention
invention's
inventions
inventive
inventiveness
inventiveness's
inventor
inventor's
inventoried
inventories
inventors
inventory
inventory's
inventorying
invents
inverse
inverse's
inversely
inverses
inversion
inversion's
inversions
invert
invert's
invertebrate
invertebrate's
invertebrates
inverted
inverting
inverts
invest
invested
investigate
investigated
investigates
investigating
investigation
investigation's
investigations
investigative
investigator
investigator's
investigators
investing
investiture
investiture's
investitures
investment
investment's
investments
investor
investor's
investors
invests
inveterate
invidious
invidiously
invigorate
invigorated
invigorates
invigorating
invigoration
invigoration's
invincibility
invincibility's
invincible
invincibly
inviolability
inviolability's
inviolable
inviolate
invisibility
invisibility's
invisible
invisibly
invitation
invitation's
invitational
invitational's
invitationals
invitations
invite
invite's
invited
invites
inviting
invitingly
invocation
invocation's
invocations
invoice
invoice's
invoiced
invoices
invoicing
invoke
invoked
invokes
invoking
involuntarily
involuntary
involve
involved
involvement
involvement's
involvements
involves
involving
invulnerability
invulnerability's
invulnerable
invulnerably
inward
inwardly
inwards
iodine
iodine's
iodize
iodized
iodizes
iodizing
ion
ion's
ionization
ionization's
ionize
ionized
ionizer
ionizer's
ionizers
ionizes
ionizing
ionosphere
ionosphere's
ionospheres
ions
iota
iota's
iotas
ipecac
ipecac's
ipecacs
irascibility
irascibility's
irascible
irate
irately
irateness
irateness's
ire
ire's
iridescence
iridescence's
iridescent
iridium
iridium's
iris
iris's
irises
irk
irked
irking
irks
irksome
iron
iron's
ironclad
ironclad's
ironclads
ironed
ironic
ironical
ironically
ironies
ironing
ironing's
irons
ironware
ironware's
ironwork
ironwork's
irony
irony's
irradiate
irradiated
irradiates
irradiating
irradiation
irradiation's
irrational
irrational's
irrationality
irrationality's
irrationally
irrationals
irreconcilable
irrecoverable
irredeemable
irrefutable
irregardless
irregular
irregular's
irregularities
irregularity
irregularity's
irregularly
irregulars
irrelevance
irrelevance's
irrelevances
irrelevancies
irrelevancy
irrelevancy's
irrelevant
irrelevantly
irreligious
irremediable
irremediably
irreparable
irreparably
irreplaceable
irrepressible
irreproachable
irresistible
irresistibly
irresolute
irresolutely
irresolution
irresolution's
irrespective
irresponsibility
irresponsibility's
irresponsible
irresponsibly
irretrievable
irretrievably
irreverence
irreverence's
irreverent
irreverently
irreversible
irreversibly
irrevocable
irrevocably
irrigate
irrigated
irrigates
irrigating
irrigation
irrigation's
irritability
irritability's
irritable
irritably
irritant
irritant's
irritants
irritate
irritated
irritates
irritating
irritatingly
irritation
irritation's
irritations
irruption
irruption's
irruptions
is
isinglass
isinglass's
island
island's
islander
islander's
islanders
islands
isle
isle's
isles
islet
islet's
islets
ism
ism's
isms
isn't
isobar
isobar's
isobars
isolate
isolate's
isolated
isolates
isolating
isolation
isolation's
isolationism
isolationism's
isolationist
isolationist's
isolationists
isometric
isometrics
isometrics's
isomorphic
isosceles
isotope
isotope's
isotopes
isotopic
isotropic
issuance
issuance's
issue
issue's
issued
issues
issuing
isthmi
isthmus
isthmus's
isthmuses
it
it'd
it'll
it's
italic
italic's
italicize
italicized
italicizes
italicizing
italics
italics's
itch
itch's
itched
itches
itchier
itchiest
itchiness
itchiness's
itching
itchy
item
item's
itemization
itemization's
itemize
itemized
itemizes
itemizing
items
iterate
iterated
iterates
iterating
iteration
iteration's
iterations
iterative
iterator
iterators
itinerant
itinerant's
itinerants
itineraries
itinerary
itinerary's
its
itself
ivies
ivories
ivory
ivory's
ivy
ivy's
j
jab
jab's
jabbed
jabber
jabber's
jabbered
jabberer
jabberer's
jabberers
jabbering
jabbers
jabbing
jabot
jabot's
jabots
jabs
jack
jack's
jackal
jackal's
jackals
jackass
jackass's
jackasses
jackboot
jackboot's
jackboots
jackdaw
jackdaw's
jackdaws
jacked
jacket
jacket's
jackets
jackhammer
jackhammer's
jackhammers
jacking
jackknife
jackknife's
jackknifed
jackknifes
jackknifing
jackknives
jackpot
jackpot's
jackpots
jackrabbit
jackrabbit's
jackrabbits
jacks
jade
jade's
jaded
jades
jading
jag
jag's
jagged
jaggeder
jaggedest
jaggedly
jaggedness
jaggedness's
jags
jaguar
jaguar's
jaguars
jail
jail's
jailbreak
jailbreak's
jailbreaks
jailed
jailer
jailer's
jailers
jailing
jailor
jailor's
jailors
jails
jalapeño
jalapeño's
jalapeños
jalopies
jalopy
jalopy's
jalousie
jalousie's
jalousies
jam
jam's
jamb
jamb's
jamboree
jamboree's
jamborees
jambs
jammed
jamming
jams
jangle
jangle's
jangled
jangles
jangling
janitor
janitor's
janitorial
janitors
japan
japan's
japanned
japanning
japans
jape
jape's
japed
japes
japing
jar
jar's
jardinière
jardinière's
jardinières
jargon
jargon's
jarred
jarring
jars
jasmine
jasmine's
jasmines
jasper
jasper's
jaundice
jaundice's
jaundiced
jaundices
jaundicing
jaunt
jaunt's
jaunted
jauntier
jauntiest
jauntily
jauntiness
jauntiness's
jaunting
jaunts
jaunty
javelin
javelin's
javelins
jaw
jaw's
jawbone
jawbone's
jawboned
jawbones
jawboning
jawbreaker
jawbreaker's
jawbreakers
jawed
jawing
jaws
jay
jay's
jays
jaywalk
jaywalked
jaywalker
jaywalker's
jaywalkers
jaywalking
jaywalks
jazz
jazz's
jazzed
jazzes
jazzier
jazziest
jazzing
jazzy
jealous
jealousies
jealously
jealousy
jealousy's
jeans
jeans's
jeep
jeep's
jeeps
jeer
jeer's
jeered
jeering
jeeringly
jeers
jeez
jehad
jehad's
jehads
jejune
jell
jelled
jellied
jellies
jelling
jello
jello's
jells
jelly
jelly's
jellybean
jellybean's
jellybeans
jellyfish
jellyfish's
jellyfishes
jellying
jeopardize
jeopardized
jeopardizes
jeopardizing
jeopardy
jeopardy's
jeremiad
jeremiad's
jeremiads
jerk
jerk's
jerked
jerkier
jerkiest
jerkily
jerkin
jerkin's
jerking
jerkins
jerks
jerkwater
jerky
jerky's
jersey
jersey's
jerseys
jessamine
jessamine's
jessamines
jest
jest's
jested
jester
jester's
jesters
jesting
jests
jet
jet's
jets
jetsam
jetsam's
jetted
jetties
jetting
jettison
jettison's
jettisoned
jettisoning
jettisons
jetty
jetty's
jewel
jewel's
jeweled
jeweler
jeweler's
jewelers
jeweling
jewelled
jeweller
jeweller's
jewellers
jewelling
jewelries
jewelry
jewelry's
jewels
jib
jib's
jibbed
jibbing
jibe
jibe's
jibed
jibes
jibing
jibs
jiffies
jiffy
jiffy's
jig
jig's
jigged
jigger
jigger's
jiggered
jiggering
jiggers
jigging
jiggle
jiggle's
jiggled
jiggles
jiggling
jigs
jigsaw
jigsaw's
jigsawed
jigsawing
jigsawn
jigsaws
jihad
jihad's
jihads
jilt
jilt's
jilted
jilting
jilts
jimmied
jimmies
jimmy
jimmy's
jimmying
jingle
jingle's
jingled
jingles
jingling
jingoism
jingoism's
jingoist
jingoist's
jingoistic
jingoists
jinn
jinn's
jinni
jinni's
jinnis
jinns
jinricksha
jinricksha's
jinrickshas
jinrikisha
jinrikisha's
jinrikishas
jinx
jinx's
jinxed
jinxes
jinxing
jitney
jitney's
jitneys
jitterbug
jitterbug's
jitterbugged
jitterbugging
jitterbugs
jitterier
jitteriest
jitters
jitters's
jittery
jiujitsu
jiujitsu's
jive
jive's
jived
jives
jiving
job
job's
jobbed
jobber
jobber's
jobbers
jobbing
jobless
joblessness
joblessness's
jobs
jock
jock's
jockey
jockey's
jockeyed
jockeying
jockeys
jocks
jockstrap
jockstrap's
jockstraps
jocose
jocosely
jocosity
jocosity's
jocular
jocularity
jocularity's
jocularly
jocund
jocundity
jocundity's
jocundly
jodhpurs
jodhpurs's
jog
jog's
jogged
jogger
jogger's
joggers
jogging
jogging's
joggle
joggle's
joggled
joggles
joggling
jogs
john
john's
johns
join
join's
joined
joiner
joiner's
joiners
joining
joins
joint
joint's
jointed
jointing
jointly
joints
joist
joist's
joists
joke
joke's
joked
joker
joker's
jokers
jokes
joking
jokingly
jollied
jollier
jollies
jolliest
jolliness
jolliness's
jollity
jollity's
jolly
jolly's
jollying
jolt
jolt's
jolted
jolting
jolts
jonquil
jonquil's
jonquils
josh
josh's
joshed
joshes
joshing
jostle
jostle's
jostled
jostles
jostling
jot
jot's
jots
jotted
jotting
jotting's
jottings
joule
joule's
joules
jounce
jounce's
jounced
jounces
jouncing
journal
journal's
journalese
journalese's
journalism
journalism's
journalist
journalist's
journalistic
journalists
journals
journey
journey's
journeyed
journeying
journeyman
journeyman's
journeymen
journeys
joust
joust's
jousted
jousting
jousts
jovial
joviality
joviality's
jovially
jowl
jowl's
jowls
joy
joy's
joyed
joyful
joyfuller
joyfullest
joyfully
joyfulness
joyfulness's
joying
joyless
joyous
joyously
joyousness
joyousness's
joyridden
joyride
joyride's
joyrider
joyrider's
joyriders
joyrides
joyriding
joyriding's
joyrode
joys
joystick
joystick's
joysticks
jubilant
jubilantly
jubilation
jubilation's
jubilee
jubilee's
jubilees
judge
judge's
judged
judgement
judgement's
judgemental
judgements
judges
judgeship
judgeship's
judging
judgment
judgment's
judgmental
judgments
judicature
judicature's
judicial
judicially
judiciaries
judiciary
judiciary's
judicious
judiciously
judiciousness
judiciousness's
judo
judo's
jug
jug's
jugged
juggernaut
juggernaut's
juggernauts
jugging
juggle
juggle's
juggled
juggler
juggler's
jugglers
juggles
juggling
jugs
jugular
jugular's
jugulars
juice
juice's
juiced
juicer
juicer's
juicers
juices
juicier
juiciest
juiciness
juiciness's
juicing
juicy
jujitsu
jujitsu's
jujube
jujube's
jujubes
jujutsu
jujutsu's
jukebox
jukebox's
jukeboxes
julep
julep's
juleps
julienne
jumble
jumble's
jumbled
jumbles
jumbling
jumbo
jumbo's
jumbos
jump
jump's
jumped
jumper
jumper's
jumpers
jumpier
jumpiest
jumpiness
jumpiness's
jumping
jumps
jumpsuit
jumpsuit's
jumpsuits
jumpy
junco
junco's
juncoes
juncos
junction
junction's
junctions
juncture
juncture's
junctures
jungle
jungle's
jungles
junior
junior's
juniors
juniper
juniper's
junipers
junk
junk's
junked
junker
junker's
junkers
junket
junket's
junketed
junketing
junkets
junkie
junkie's
junkier
junkies
junkiest
junking
junks
junky
junky's
junkyard
junkyard's
junkyards
junta
junta's
juntas
juridical
juries
jurisdiction
jurisdiction's
jurisdictional
jurisprudence
jurisprudence's
jurist
jurist's
jurists
juror
juror's
jurors
jury
jury's
just
juster
justest
justice
justice's
justices
justifiable
justifiably
justification
justification's
justifications
justified
justifies
justify
justifying
justly
justness
justness's
jut
jut's
jute
jute's
juts
jutted
jutting
juvenile
juvenile's
juveniles
juxtapose
juxtaposed
juxtaposes
juxtaposing
juxtaposition
juxtaposition's
juxtapositions
k
kHz
kW
kabob
kabob's
kabobs
kaboom
kaftan
kaftan's
kaftans
kale
kale's
kaleidoscope
kaleidoscope's
kaleidoscopes
kaleidoscopic
kamikaze
kamikaze's
kamikazes
kangaroo
kangaroo's
kangaroos
kaolin
kaolin's
kapok
kapok's
kaput
karakul
karakul's
karaoke
karaoke's
karaokes
karat
karat's
karate
karate's
karats
karma
karma's
katydid
katydid's
katydids
kayak
kayak's
kayaked
kayaking
kayaks
kazoo
kazoo's
kazoos
kc
kebab
kebab's
kebabs
kebob
kebob's
kebobs
keel
keel's
keeled
keeling
keels
keen
keen's
keened
keener
keenest
keening
keenly
keenness
keenness's
keens
keep
keep's
keeper
keeper's
keepers
keeping
keeping's
keeps
keepsake
keepsake's
keepsakes
keg
keg's
kegs
kelp
kelp's
ken
ken's
kenned
kennel
kennel's
kenneled
kenneling
kennelled
kennelling
kennels
kenning
kens
kept
keratin
keratin's
kerchief
kerchief's
kerchiefs
kerchieves
kernel
kernel's
kernels
kerosene
kerosene's
kerosine
kerosine's
kestrel
kestrel's
kestrels
ketch
ketch's
ketches
ketchup
ketchup's
kettle
kettle's
kettledrum
kettledrum's
kettledrums
kettles
key
key's
keyboard
keyboard's
keyboarded
keyboarder
keyboarder's
keyboarders
keyboarding
keyboards
keyed
keyhole
keyhole's
keyholes
keying
keynote
keynote's
keynoted
keynotes
keynoting
keypunch
keypunch's
keypunched
keypunches
keypunching
keys
keystone
keystone's
keystones
keystroke
keystroke's
keystrokes
keyword
keyword's
keywords
khaki
khaki's
khakis
khan
khan's
khans
kibbutz
kibbutz's
kibbutzim
kibitz
kibitzed
kibitzer
kibitzer's
kibitzers
kibitzes
kibitzing
kibosh
kibosh's
kick
kick's
kickback
kickback's
kickbacks
kicked
kicker
kicker's
kickers
kickier
kickiest
kicking
kickoff
kickoff's
kickoffs
kicks
kickstand
kickstand's
kickstands
kicky
kid
kid's
kidded
kidder
kidder's
kidders
kiddie
kiddie's
kiddies
kidding
kiddo
kiddo's
kiddoes
kiddos
kiddy
kiddy's
kidnap
kidnaped
kidnaper
kidnaper's
kidnapers
kidnaping
kidnapped
kidnapper
kidnapper's
kidnappers
kidnapping
kidnapping's
kidnappings
kidnaps
kidney
kidney's
kidneys
kids
kielbasa
kielbasa's
kielbasas
kielbasy
kill
kill's
killdeer
killdeer's
killdeers
killed
killer
killer's
killers
killing
killing's
killings
killjoy
killjoy's
killjoys
kills
kiln
kiln's
kilned
kilning
kilns
kilo
kilo's
kilobyte
kilobyte's
kilobytes
kilocycle
kilocycle's
kilocycles
kilogram
kilogram's
kilograms
kilohertz
kilohertz's
kilohertzes
kilometer
kilometer's
kilometers
kilos
kiloton
kiloton's
kilotons
kilowatt
kilowatt's
kilowatts
kilt
kilt's
kilter
kilter's
kilts
kimono
kimono's
kimonos
kin
kin's
kind
kind's
kinda
kinder
kindergarten
kindergarten's
kindergartener
kindergartener's
kindergarteners
kindergartens
kindergärtner
kindergärtner's
kindergärtners
kindest
kindhearted
kindle
kindled
kindles
kindlier
kindliest
kindliness
kindliness's
kindling
kindling's
kindly
kindness
kindness's
kindnesses
kindred
kindred's
kinds
kinematic
kinematics
kinetic
kinfolk
kinfolk's
kinfolks
kinfolks's
king
king's
kingdom
kingdom's
kingdoms
kingfisher
kingfisher's
kingfishers
kinglier
kingliest
kingly
kingpin
kingpin's
kingpins
kings
kingship
kingship's
kink
kink's
kinked
kinkier
kinkiest
kinking
kinks
kinky
kinship
kinship's
kinsman
kinsman's
kinsmen
kinswoman
kinswoman's
kinswomen
kiosk
kiosk's
kiosks
kipper
kipper's
kippered
kippering
kippers
kismet
kismet's
kiss
kiss's
kissed
kisser
kisser's
kissers
kisses
kissing
kit
kit's
kitchen
kitchen's
kitchenette
kitchenette's
kitchenettes
kitchens
kitchenware
kitchenware's
kite
kite's
kited
kites
kith
kith's
kiting
kits
kitsch
kitsch's
kitschy
kitten
kitten's
kittenish
kittens
kitties
kitty
kitty's
kiwi
kiwi's
kiwis
kleptomania
kleptomania's
kleptomaniac
kleptomaniac's
kleptomaniacs
klutz
klutz's
klutzes
klutzier
klutziest
klutzy
knack
knack's
knacker
knacks
knackwurst
knackwurst's
knackwursts
knapsack
knapsack's
knapsacks
knave
knave's
knavery
knavery's
knaves
knavish
knead
kneaded
kneader
kneader's
kneaders
kneading
kneads
knee
knee's
kneecap
kneecap's
kneecapped
kneecapping
kneecaps
kneed
kneeing
kneel
kneeled
kneeling
kneels
knees
knell
knell's
knelled
knelling
knells
knelt
knew
knickers
knickers's
knickknack
knickknack's
knickknacks
knife
knife's
knifed
knifes
knifing
knight
knight's
knighted
knighthood
knighthood's
knighthoods
knighting
knightly
knights
knit
knit's
knits
knitted
knitter
knitter's
knitters
knitting
knitting's
knitwear
knitwear's
knives
knob
knob's
knobbier
knobbiest
knobby
knobs
knock
knock's
knocked
knocker
knocker's
knockers
knocking
knockout
knockout's
knockouts
knocks
knockwurst
knockwurst's
knockwursts
knoll
knoll's
knolls
knot
knot's
knothole
knothole's
knotholes
knots
knotted
knottier
knottiest
knotting
knotty
know
knowable
knowing
knowingly
knowings
knowledge
knowledge's
knowledgeable
knowledgeably
known
knows
knuckle
knuckle's
knuckled
knucklehead
knucklehead's
knuckleheads
knuckles
knuckling
koala
koala's
koalas
kohlrabi
kohlrabi's
kohlrabies
kook
kook's
kookaburra
kookaburra's
kookaburras
kookie
kookier
kookiest
kookiness
kookiness's
kooks
kooky
kopeck
kopeck's
kopecks
kopek
kopek's
kopeks
kosher
koshered
koshering
koshers
kowtow
kowtow's
kowtowed
kowtowing
kowtows
krone
krone's
kroner
kronor
krypton
krypton's
króna
króna's
krónur
ks
kudos
kudos's
kudzu
kudzu's
kudzus
kumquat
kumquat's
kumquats
l
la
la's
lab
lab's
label
label's
labeled
labeling
labelled
labelling
labels
labia
labial
labial's
labials
labium
labium's
labor
labor's
laboratories
laboratory
laboratory's
labored
laborer
laborer's
laborers
laboring
laborious
laboriously
labors
labs
laburnum
laburnum's
laburnums
labyrinth
labyrinth's
labyrinthine
labyrinths
lace
lace's
laced
lacerate
lacerated
lacerates
lacerating
laceration
laceration's
lacerations
laces
lachrymal
lachrymose
lacier
laciest
lacing
lack
lack's
lackadaisical
lackadaisically
lacked
lackey
lackey's
lackeys
lacking
lackluster
lacks
laconic
laconically
lacquer
lacquer's
lacquered
lacquering
lacquers
lacrimal
lacrosse
lacrosse's
lactate
lactated
lactates
lactating
lactation
lactation's
lactic
lactose
lactose's
lacuna
lacuna's
lacunae
lacunas
lacy
lad
lad's
ladder
ladder's
laddered
laddering
ladders
laddie
laddie's
laddies
lade
laded
laden
lades
ladies
lading
lading's
ladings
ladle
ladle's
ladled
ladles
ladling
lads
lady
lady's
ladybird
ladybird's
ladybirds
ladybug
ladybug's
ladybugs
ladyfinger
ladyfinger's
ladyfingers
ladylike
ladyship
ladyship's
lag
lag's
lager
lager's
lagers
laggard
laggard's
laggards
lagged
lagging
lagniappe
lagniappe's
lagniappes
lagoon
lagoon's
lagoons
lags
laid
lain
lair
lair's
lairs
laity
laity's
lake
lake's
lakes
lallygag
lallygagged
lallygagging
lallygags
lam
lam's
lama
lama's
lamas
lamaseries
lamasery
lamasery's
lamb
lamb's
lambast
lambaste
lambasted
lambastes
lambasting
lambasts
lambda
lambed
lambent
lambing
lambkin
lambkin's
lambkins
lambs
lambskin
lambskin's
lambskins
lame
lame's
lamebrain
lamebrain's
lamebrains
lamed
lamely
lameness
lameness's
lament
lament's
lamentable
lamentably
lamentation
lamentation's
lamentations
lamented
lamenting
laments
lamer
lames
lamest
laminate
laminate's
laminated
laminates
laminating
lamination
lamination's
laming
lammed
lamming
lamp
lamp's
lampblack
lampblack's
lampoon
lampoon's
lampooned
lampooning
lampoons
lamppost
lamppost's
lampposts
lamprey
lamprey's
lampreys
lamps
lampshade
lampshade's
lampshades
lams
lance
lance's
lanced
lancer
lancer's
lancers
lances
lancet
lancet's
lancets
lancing
land
land's
landed
lander
landfall
landfall's
landfalls
landfill
landfill's
landfills
landholder
landholder's
landholders
landing
landing's
landings
landladies
landlady
landlady's
landlocked
landlord
landlord's
landlords
landlubber
landlubber's
landlubbers
landmark
landmark's
landmarks
landmass
landmass's
landmasses
landowner
landowner's
landowners
lands
landscape
landscape's
landscaped
landscaper
landscaper's
landscapers
landscapes
landscaping
landslid
landslidden
landslide
landslide's
landslides
landsliding
landward
landwards
lane
lane's
lanes
language
language's
languages
languid
languidly
languish
languished
languishes
languishing
languor
languor's
languorous
languorously
languors
lank
lanker
lankest
lankier
lankiest
lankiness
lankiness's
lanky
lanolin
lanolin's
lantern
lantern's
lanterns
lanyard
lanyard's
lanyards
lap
lap's
lapel
lapel's
lapels
lapidaries
lapidary
lapidary's
lapped
lapping
laps
lapse
lapse's
lapsed
lapses
lapsing
laptop
laptop's
laptops
lapwing
lapwing's
lapwings
larboard
larboard's
larboards
larcenies
larcenous
larceny
larceny's
larch
larch's
larches
lard
lard's
larded
larder
larder's
larders
larding
lards
large
large's
largely
largeness
largeness's
larger
larges
largess
largess's
largesse
largesse's
largest
largo
largo's
largos
lariat
lariat's
lariats
lark
lark's
larked
larking
larks
larkspur
larkspur's
larkspurs
larva
larva's
larvae
larval
larvas
larynges
laryngitis
laryngitis's
larynx
larynx's
larynxes
lasagna
lasagna's
lasagnas
lasagne
lasagne's
lasagnes
lascivious
lasciviously
lasciviousness
lasciviousness's
laser
laser's
lasers
lash
lash's
lashed
lashes
lashing
lass
lass's
lasses
lassie
lassie's
lassies
lassitude
lassitude's
lasso
lasso's
lassoed
lassoes
lassoing
lassos
last
last's
lasted
lasting
lastingly
lastly
lasts
latch
latch's
latched
latches
latching
late
latecomer
latecomer's
latecomers
lately
latency
latency's
lateness
lateness's
latent
later
lateral
lateral's
lateraled
lateraling
lateralled
lateralling
laterally
laterals
latest
latest's
latex
latex's
lath
lath's
lathe
lathe's
lathed
lather
lather's
lathered
lathering
lathers
lathes
lathing
laths
latitude
latitude's
latitudes
latitudinal
latrine
latrine's
latrines
lats
latter
latter's
latterly
lattice
lattice's
latticed
lattices
latticework
latticework's
latticeworks
laud
laud's
laudable
laudably
laudanum
laudanum's
laudatory
lauded
lauding
lauds
laugh
laugh's
laughable
laughably
laughed
laughing
laughingly
laughingstock
laughingstock's
laughingstocks
laughs
laughter
laughter's
launch
launch's
launched
launcher
launcher's
launchers
launches
launching
launder
laundered
launderer
launderer's
launderers
laundering
launders
laundress
laundress's
laundresses
laundries
laundry
laundry's
laundryman
laundryman's
laundrymen
laureate
laureate's
laureates
laurel
laurel's
laurels
lava
lava's
lavatories
lavatory
lavatory's
lavender
lavender's
lavenders
lavish
lavished
lavisher
lavishes
lavishest
lavishing
lavishly
lavishness
lavishness's
law
law's
lawbreaker
lawbreaker's
lawbreakers
lawful
lawfully
lawfulness
lawfulness's
lawgiver
lawgiver's
lawgivers
lawless
lawlessly
lawlessness
lawlessness's
lawmaker
lawmaker's
lawmakers
lawn
lawn's
lawns
lawrencium
lawrencium's
laws
lawsuit
lawsuit's
lawsuits
lawyer
lawyer's
lawyers
lax
laxative
laxative's
laxatives
laxer
laxest
laxity
laxity's
laxly
laxness
laxness's
lay
lay's
layaway
layaway's
layer
layer's
layered
layering
layers
layette
layette's
layettes
laying
layman
layman's
laymen
layoff
layoff's
layoffs
layout
layout's
layouts
layover
layover's
layovers
laypeople
layperson
layperson's
laypersons
lays
laywoman
laywoman's
laywomen
laze
laze's
lazed
lazes
lazied
lazier
lazies
laziest
lazily
laziness
laziness's
lazing
lazy
lazybones
lazybones's
lazying
lea
lea's
leach
leached
leaches
leaching
lead
lead's
leaded
leaden
leader
leader's
leaders
leadership
leadership's
leading
leading's
leads
leaf
leaf's
leafed
leafier
leafiest
leafing
leafless
leaflet
leaflet's
leafleted
leafleting
leaflets
leafletted
leafletting
leafs
leafy
league
league's
leagued
leagues
leaguing
leak
leak's
leakage
leakage's
leakages
leaked
leakier
leakiest
leaking
leaks
leaky
lean
lean's
leaned
leaner
leanest
leaning
leaning's
leanings
leanness
leanness's
leans
leap
leap's
leaped
leapfrog
leapfrog's
leapfrogged
leapfrogging
leapfrogs
leaping
leaps
leapt
learn
learned
learner
learner's
learners
learning
learning's
learns
learnt
leas
lease
lease's
leased
leasehold
leasehold's
leaseholder
leaseholder's
leaseholders
leaseholds
leases
leash
leash's
leashed
leashes
leashing
leasing
least
least's
leastwise
leather
leather's
leatherneck
leatherneck's
leathernecks
leathers
leathery
leave
leave's
leaved
leaven
leaven's
leavened
leavening
leavening's
leavens
leaves
leaving
leavings
leavings's
lecher
lecher's
lecherous
lecherously
lechers
lechery
lechery's
lecithin
lecithin's
lectern
lectern's
lecterns
lecture
lecture's
lectured
lecturer
lecturer's
lecturers
lectures
lecturing
led
ledge
ledge's
ledger
ledger's
ledgers
ledges
lee
lee's
leech
leech's
leeched
leeches
leeching
leek
leek's
leeks
leer
leer's
leered
leerier
leeriest
leering
leers
leery
lees
leeward
leeward's
leewards
leeway
leeway's
left
left's
lefter
leftest
leftie
leftie's
lefties
leftism
leftism's
leftist
leftist's
leftists
leftmost
leftover
leftover's
leftovers
lefts
leftwards
lefty
lefty's
leg
leg's
legacies
legacy
legacy's
legal
legal's
legalese
legalese's
legalism
legalism's
legalisms
legalistic
legality
legality's
legalization
legalization's
legalize
legalized
legalizes
legalizing
legally
legals
legate
legate's
legatee
legatee's
legatees
legates
legation
legation's
legations
legato
legato's
legatos
legend
legend's
legendary
legends
legerdemain
legerdemain's
legged
leggier
leggiest
leggin
leggin's
legging
legging's
leggings
leggins
leggy
legibility
legibility's
legible
legibly
legion
legion's
legionnaire
legionnaire's
legionnaires
legions
legislate
legislated
legislates
legislating
legislation
legislation's
legislative
legislator
legislator's
legislators
legislature
legislature's
legislatures
legit
legitimacy
legitimacy's
legitimate
legitimated
legitimately
legitimates
legitimating
legitimize
legitimized
legitimizes
legitimizing
legless
legman
legman's
legmen
legroom
legroom's
legrooms
legs
legume
legume's
legumes
leguminous
legwork
legwork's
lei
lei's
leis
leisure
leisure's
leisurely
leitmotif
leitmotif's
leitmotifs
lemma
lemmas
lemme
lemming
lemming's
lemmings
lemon
lemon's
lemonade
lemonade's
lemons
lemony
lemur
lemur's
lemurs
lend
lender
lender's
lenders
lending
lends
length
length's
lengthen
lengthened
lengthening
lengthens
lengthier
lengthiest
lengthily
lengths
lengthways
lengthwise
lengthy
leniency
leniency's
lenient
leniently
lens
lens's
lenses
lent
lentil
lentil's
lentils
leonine
leopard
leopard's
leopards
leotard
leotard's
leotards
leper
leper's
lepers
leprechaun
leprechaun's
leprechauns
leprosy
leprosy's
leprous
lept
lesbian
lesbian's
lesbianism
lesbianism's
lesbians
lesion
lesion's
lesions
less
less's
lessee
lessee's
lessees
lessen
lessened
lessening
lessens
lesser
lesson
lesson's
lessons
lessor
lessor's
lessors
lest
let
let's
letdown
letdown's
letdowns
lethal
lethally
lethargic
lethargically
lethargy
lethargy's
lets
letter
letter's
letterbox
lettered
letterhead
letterhead's
letterheads
lettering
lettering's
letters
letting
lettuce
lettuce's
lettuces
letup
letup's
letups
leukemia
leukemia's
leukocyte
leukocyte's
leukocytes
levee
levee's
levees
level
level's
leveled
leveler
leveler's
levelers
levelheaded
levelheadedness
levelheadedness's
leveling
levelled
leveller's
levellers
levelling
levelness
levelness's
levels
lever
lever's
leverage
leverage's
leveraged
leverages
leveraging
levered
levering
levers
leviathan
leviathan's
leviathans
levied
levies
levitate
levitated
levitates
levitating
levitation
levitation's
levity
levity's
levy
levy's
levying
lewd
lewder
lewdest
lewdly
lewdness
lewdness's
lexica
lexical
lexicographer
lexicographer's
lexicographers
lexicography
lexicography's
lexicon
lexicon's
lexicons
liabilities
liability
liability's
liable
liaise
liaised
liaises
liaising
liaison
liaison's
liaisons
liar
liar's
liars
lib
lib's
libation
libation's
libations
libel
libel's
libeled
libeler
libeler's
libelers
libeling
libelled
libeller
libeller's
libellers
libelling
libellous
libelous
libels
liberal
liberal's
liberalism
liberalism's
liberality
liberality's
liberalization
liberalization's
liberalizations
liberalize
liberalized
liberalizes
liberalizing
liberally
liberals
liberate
liberated
liberates
liberating
liberation
liberation's
liberator
liberator's
liberators
libertarian
libertarian's
libertarians
liberties
libertine
libertine's
libertines
liberty
liberty's
libidinous
libido
libido's
libidos
librarian
librarian's
librarians
libraries
library
library's
libretti
librettist
librettist's
librettists
libretto
libretto's
librettos
lice
licence
licence's
licenced
licences
licencing
license
license's
licensed
licensee
licensee's
licensees
licenses
licensing
licentiate
licentiate's
licentiates
licentious
licentiously
licentiousness
licentiousness's
lichee
lichee's
lichees
lichen
lichen's
lichens
licit
lick
lick's
licked
licking
licking's
lickings
licks
licorice
licorice's
licorices
lid
lid's
lidded
lids
lie
lie's
lied
lief
liefer
liefest
liege
liege's
lieges
lien
lien's
liens
lies
lieu
lieu's
lieutenancy
lieutenancy's
lieutenant
lieutenant's
lieutenants
life
life's
lifeblood
lifeblood's
lifeboat
lifeboat's
lifeboats
lifeforms
lifeguard
lifeguard's
lifeguards
lifeless
lifelike
lifeline
lifeline's
lifelines
lifelong
lifer
lifer's
lifers
lifesaver
lifesaver's
lifesavers
lifesaving
lifesaving's
lifespan
lifespans
lifestyle
lifestyle's
lifestyles
lifetime
lifetime's
lifetimes
lifework
lifework's
lifeworks
lift
lift's
lifted
lifting
liftoff
liftoff's
liftoffs
lifts
ligament
ligament's
ligaments
ligature
ligature's
ligatured
ligatures
ligaturing
light
light's
lighted
lighten
lightened
lightening
lightens
lighter
lighter's
lighters
lightest
lightheaded
lighthearted
lightheartedly
lightheartedness
lightheartedness's
lighthouse
lighthouse's
lighthouses
lighting
lighting's
lightly
lightness
lightness's
lightning
lightning's
lightninged
lightnings
lights
lightweight
lightweight's
lightweights
lignite
lignite's
likable
likableness
likableness's
like
like's
likeable
likeableness
likeableness's
liked
likelier
likeliest
likelihood
likelihood's
likelihoods
likely
liken
likened
likeness
likeness's
likenesses
likening
likens
liker
likes
likest
likewise
liking
liking's
lilac
lilac's
lilacs
lilies
lilt
lilt's
lilted
lilting
lilts
lily
lily's
limb
limb's
limber
limbered
limbering
limbers
limbless
limbo
limbo's
limbos
limbs
lime
lime's
limeade
limeade's
limeades
limed
limelight
limelight's
limerick
limerick's
limericks
limes
limestone
limestone's
limier
limiest
liming
limit
limit's
limitation
limitation's
limitations
limited
limiting
limitings
limitless
limits
limn
limned
limning
limns
limo
limo's
limos
limousine
limousine's
limousines
limp
limp's
limped
limper
limpest
limpet
limpet's
limpets
limpid
limpidity
limpidity's
limpidly
limping
limply
limpness
limpness's
limps
limy
linage
linage's
linchpin
linchpin's
linchpins
linden
linden's
lindens
line
line's
lineage
lineage's
lineages
lineal
lineally
lineament
lineament's
lineaments
linear
linearly
linebacker
linebacker's
linebackers
lined
linefeed
lineman
lineman's
linemen
linen
linen's
linens
linens's
liner
liner's
liners
lines
linesman
linesman's
linesmen
lineup
lineup's
lineups
linger
lingered
lingerer
lingerer's
lingerers
lingerie
lingerie's
lingering
lingeringly
lingerings
lingers
lingo
lingo's
lingoes
lingos
lingual
linguist
linguist's
linguistic
linguistics
linguistics's
linguists
liniment
liniment's
liniments
lining
lining's
linings
link
link's
linkage
linkage's
linkages
linked
linker
linking
links
linkup
linkup's
linkups
linnet
linnet's
linnets
linoleum
linoleum's
linseed
linseed's
lint
lint's
lintel
lintel's
lintels
lion
lion's
lioness
lioness's
lionesses
lionhearted
lionize
lionized
lionizes
lionizing
lions
lip
lip's
lipid
lipid's
lipids
liposuction
liposuction's
lipread
lipreading
lipreading's
lipreads
lips
lipstick
lipstick's
lipsticked
lipsticking
lipsticks
liquefaction
liquefaction's
liquefied
liquefies
liquefy
liquefying
liqueur
liqueur's
liqueurs
liquid
liquid's
liquidate
liquidated
liquidates
liquidating
liquidation
liquidation's
liquidations
liquidator
liquidator's
liquidators
liquidity
liquidity's
liquidize
liquidized
liquidizes
liquidizing
liquids
liquified
liquifies
liquify
liquifying
liquor
liquor's
liquored
liquoring
liquors
lira
lira's
liras
lire
lisle
lisle's
lisp
lisp's
lisped
lisping
lisps
lissom
lissome
list
list's
listed
listen
listen's
listened
listener
listener's
listeners
listening
listens
listing
listing's
listings
listless
listlessly
listlessness
listlessness's
lists
lit
litanies
litany
litany's
litchi
litchi's
litchis
lite
liter
liter's
literacy
literacy's
literal
literal's
literally
literals
literary
literate
literate's
literates
literati
literati's
literature
literature's
liters
lithe
lither
lithest
lithium
lithium's
lithograph
lithograph's
lithographed
lithographer
lithographer's
lithographers
lithographic
lithographing
lithographs
lithography
lithography's
lithosphere
lithosphere's
lithospheres
litigant
litigant's
litigants
litigate
litigated
litigates
litigating
litigation
litigation's
litigious
litigiousness
litigiousness's
litmus
litmus's
litter
litter's
litterbug
litterbug's
litterbugs
littered
littering
litters
little
little's
littleness
littleness's
littler
littlest
littoral
littoral's
littorals
liturgical
liturgies
liturgy
liturgy's
livability
livability's
livable
live
liveable
lived
livelier
liveliest
livelihood
livelihood's
livelihoods
liveliness
liveliness's
livelong
livelongs
lively
liven
livened
livening
livens
liver
liver's
liveried
liveries
livers
liverwurst
liverwurst's
livery
livery's
lives
livest
livestock
livestock's
livid
lividly
living
living's
livings
lizard
lizard's
lizards
llama
llama's
llamas
llano
llano's
llanos
lo
load
load's
loadable
loaded
loader
loader's
loaders
loading
loads
loadstar
loadstar's
loadstars
loadstone
loadstone's
loadstones
loaf
loaf's
loafed
loafer
loafer's
loafers
loafing
loafs
loam
loam's
loamier
loamiest
loamy
loan
loan's
loaned
loaner
loaner's
loaners
loaning
loans
loanword
loanword's
loanwords
loath
loathe
loathed
loathes
loathing
loathing's
loathings
loathsome
loathsomeness
loathsomeness's
loaves
lob
lob's
lobbed
lobbied
lobbies
lobbing
lobby
lobby's
lobbying
lobbyist
lobbyist's
lobbyists
lobe
lobe's
lobed
lobes
lobotomies
lobotomy
lobotomy's
lobs
lobster
lobster's
lobsters
local
local's
locale
locale's
locales
localities
locality
locality's
localization
localization's
localize
localized
localizes
localizing
locally
locals
locate
located
locates
locating
location
location's
locations
loci
lock
lock's
lockable
locked
locker
locker's
lockers
locket
locket's
lockets
locking
lockjaw
lockjaw's
lockout
lockout's
lockouts
locks
locksmith
locksmith's
locksmiths
lockstep
lockstep's
lockup
lockup's
lockups
loco
locomotion
locomotion's
locomotive
locomotive's
locomotives
locoweed
locoweed's
locoweeds
locus
locus's
locust
locust's
locusts
locution
locution's
locutions
lode
lode's
lodes
lodestar
lodestar's
lodestars
lodestone
lodestone's
lodestones
lodge
lodge's
lodged
lodger
lodger's
lodgers
lodges
lodging
lodging's
lodgings
lodgings's
loft
loft's
lofted
loftier
loftiest
loftily
loftiness
loftiness's
lofting
lofts
lofty
log
log's
loganberries
loganberry
loganberry's
logarithm
logarithm's
logarithmic
logarithms
logbook
logbook's
logbooks
loge
loge's
loges
logged
logger
logger's
loggerhead
loggerhead's
loggerheads
loggers
logging
logging's
logic
logic's
logical
logically
logician
logician's
logicians
logistic
logistical
logistically
logistics
logistics's
logjam
logjam's
logjams
logo
logo's
logos
logotype
logotype's
logotypes
logrolling
logrolling's
logs
loin
loin's
loincloth
loincloth's
loincloths
loins
loiter
loitered
loiterer
loiterer's
loiterers
loitering
loiters
loll
lolled
lolling
lollipop
lollipop's
lollipops
lolls
lollygag
lollygagged
lollygagging
lollygags
lollypop
lollypop's
lollypops
lone
lonelier
loneliest
loneliness
loneliness's
lonely
loner
loner's
loners
lonesome
long
long's
longboat
longboat's
longboats
longed
longer
longest
longevity
longevity's
longhair
longhair's
longhairs
longhand
longhand's
longhorn
longhorn's
longhorns
longing
longing's
longingly
longings
longish
longitude
longitude's
longitudes
longitudinal
longitudinally
longs
longshoreman
longshoreman's
longshoremen
longtime
loofah
look
look's
lookalike
lookalike's
lookalikes
looked
looking
lookout
lookout's
lookouts
looks
loom
loom's
loomed
looming
looms
loon
loon's
looney
looney's
looneyier
looneyies
looneys
loonier
loonies
looniest
loons
loony
loony's
loop
loop's
looped
loophole
loophole's
loopholes
loopier
loopiest
looping
loops
loopy
loose
loosed
loosely
loosen
loosened
looseness
looseness's
loosening
loosens
looser
looses
loosest
loosing
loot
loot's
looted
looter
looter's
looters
looting
loots
lop
lope
lope's
loped
lopes
loping
lopped
lopping
lops
lopsided
lopsidedly
lopsidedness
lopsidedness's
loquacious
loquacity
loquacity's
lord
lord's
lorded
lording
lordlier
lordliest
lordly
lords
lordship
lordship's
lordships
lore
lore's
lorgnette
lorgnette's
lorgnettes
lorn
lorries
lorry
lorry's
lose
loser
loser's
losers
loses
losing
loss
loss's
losses
lost
lot
lot's
loth
lotion
lotion's
lotions
lots
lotteries
lottery
lottery's
lotto
lotto's
lotus
lotus's
lotuses
loud
louder
loudest
loudly
loudmouth
loudmouth's
loudmouthed
loudmouths
loudness
loudness's
loudspeaker
loudspeaker's
loudspeakers
lounge
lounge's
lounged
lounges
lounging
louse
louse's
louses
lousier
lousiest
lousiness
lousiness's
lousy
lout
lout's
loutish
louts
louver
louver's
louvered
louvers
louvred
lovable
love
love's
loveable
lovebird
lovebird's
lovebirds
loved
loveless
lovelier
lovelies
loveliest
loveliness
loveliness's
lovelorn
lovely
lovely's
lovemaking
lovemaking's
lover
lover's
lovers
loves
lovesick
loving
lovingly
low
low's
lowbrow
lowbrow's
lowbrows
lowdown
lowdown's
lowed
lower
lowercase
lowercase's
lowered
lowering
lowers
lowest
lowing
lowish
lowland
lowland's
lowlands
lowlier
lowliest
lowliness
lowliness's
lowly
lowness
lowness's
lows
lox
lox's
loxes
loyal
loyaler
loyalest
loyalist
loyalist's
loyalists
loyaller
loyallest
loyally
loyalties
loyalty
loyalty's
lozenge
lozenge's
lozenges
ls
luau
luau's
luaus
lubber
lubber's
lubbers
lube
lube's
lubed
lubes
lubing
lubricant
lubricant's
lubricants
lubricate
lubricated
lubricates
lubricating
lubrication
lubrication's
lubricator
lubricator's
lubricators
lucid
lucidity
lucidity's
lucidly
lucidness
lucidness's
luck
luck's
lucked
luckier
luckiest
luckily
luckiness
luckiness's
lucking
luckless
lucks
lucky
lucrative
lucratively
lucre
lucre's
ludicrous
ludicrously
ludicrousness
ludicrousness's
lug
lug's
luggage
luggage's
lugged
lugging
lugs
lugubrious
lugubriously
lugubriousness
lugubriousness's
lukewarm
lull
lull's
lullabies
lullaby
lullaby's
lulled
lulling
lulls
lumbago
lumbago's
lumbar
lumber
lumber's
lumbered
lumbering
lumbering's
lumberjack
lumberjack's
lumberjacks
lumberman
lumberman's
lumbermen
lumbers
lumberyard
lumberyard's
lumberyards
luminaries
luminary
luminary's
luminescence
luminescence's
luminescent
luminosity
luminosity's
luminous
luminously
lummox
lummox's
lummoxes
lump
lump's
lumped
lumpier
lumpiest
lumpiness
lumpiness's
lumping
lumpish
lumps
lumpy
lunacies
lunacy
lunacy's
lunar
lunatic
lunatic's
lunatics
lunch
lunch's
lunchbox
lunched
luncheon
luncheon's
luncheonette
luncheonette's
luncheonettes
luncheons
lunches
lunching
lunchroom
lunchroom's
lunchrooms
lunchtime
lunchtime's
lunchtimes
lung
lung's
lunge
lunge's
lunged
lunges
lunging
lungs
lupin
lupin's
lupine
lupine's
lupines
lupins
lupus
lupus's
lurch
lurch's
lurched
lurches
lurching
lure
lure's
lured
lures
lurid
luridly
luridness
luridness's
luring
lurk
lurked
lurking
lurks
luscious
lusciously
lusciousness
lusciousness's
lush
lush's
lusher
lushes
lushest
lushness
lushness's
lust
lust's
lusted
luster
luster's
lustful
lustfully
lustier
lustiest
lustily
lustiness
lustiness's
lusting
lustre
lustre's
lustrous
lusts
lusty
lute
lute's
lutes
luxuriance
luxuriance's
luxuriant
luxuriantly
luxuriate
luxuriated
luxuriates
luxuriating
luxuries
luxurious
luxuriously
luxuriousness
luxuriousness's
luxury
luxury's
lyceum
lyceum's
lyceums
lychee
lychee's
lychees
lye
lye's
lying
lying's
lymph
lymph's
lymphatic
lymphatic's
lymphatics
lymphoma
lymphoma's
lymphomas
lymphomata
lynch
lynched
lynches
lynching
lynching's
lynchings
lynchpin
lynchpin's
lynchpins
lynx
lynx's
lynxes
lyre
lyre's
lyres
lyric
lyric's
lyrical
lyrically
lyricist
lyricist's
lyricists
lyrics
m
ma
ma'am
ma's
macabre
macadam
macadam's
macaroni
macaroni's
macaronies
macaronis
macaroon
macaroon's
macaroons
macaw
macaw's
macaws
mace
mace's
maced
macerate
macerated
macerates
macerating
maceration
maceration's
maces
machete
machete's
machetes
machination
machination's
machinations
machine
machine's
machined
machinery
machinery's
machines
machining
machinist
machinist's
machinists
machismo
machismo's
macho
macho's
macing
macintosh
macintosh's
macintoshes
mackerel
mackerel's
mackerels
mackinaw
mackinaw's
mackinaws
mackintosh
mackintosh's
mackintoshes
macramé
macramé's
macro
macro's
macrobiotic
macrobiotics
macrobiotics's
macrocosm
macrocosm's
macrocosms
macron
macron's
macrons
macros
macroscopic
mad
mad's
madam
madam's
madame
madame's
madams
madcap
madcap's
madcaps
madden
maddened
maddening
maddeningly
maddens
madder
madder's
madders
maddest
made
mademoiselle
mademoiselle's
mademoiselles
madhouse
madhouse's
madhouses
madly
madman
madman's
madmen
madness
madness's
madras
madras's
madrases
madrigal
madrigal's
madrigals
mads
madwoman
madwoman's
madwomen
maelstrom
maelstrom's
maelstroms
maestri
maestro
maestro's
maestros
magazine
magazine's
magazines
magenta
magenta's
maggot
maggot's
maggots
magic
magic's
magical
magically
magician
magician's
magicians
magisterial
magisterially
magistrate
magistrate's
magistrates
magma
magma's
magnanimity
magnanimity's
magnanimous
magnanimously
magnate
magnate's
magnates
magnesia
magnesia's
magnesium
magnesium's
magnet
magnet's
magnetic
magnetically
magnetism
magnetism's
magnetization
magnetization's
magnetize
magnetized
magnetizes
magnetizing
magneto
magneto's
magnetos
magnetosphere
magnets
magnification
magnification's
magnifications
magnificence
magnificence's
magnificent
magnificently
magnified
magnifier
magnifier's
magnifiers
magnifies
magnify
magnifying
magnitude
magnitude's
magnitudes
magnolia
magnolia's
magnolias
magnum
magnum's
magnums
magpie
magpie's
magpies
maharaja
maharaja's
maharajah
maharajah's
maharajahs
maharajas
maharanee
maharanee's
maharanees
maharani
maharani's
maharanis
maharishi
maharishi's
maharishis
mahatma
mahatma's
mahatmas
mahjong
mahjong's
mahoganies
mahogany
mahogany's
maid
maid's
maiden
maiden's
maidenhair
maidenhair's
maidenhead
maidenhead's
maidenheads
maidenhood
maidenhood's
maidenly
maidens
maids
maidservant
maidservant's
maidservants
mail
mail's
mailbox
mailbox's
mailboxes
mailed
mailer
mailer's
mailers
mailing
mailing's
mailings
mailman
mailman's
mailmen
mails
maim
maimed
maiming
maims
main
main's
mainframe
mainframe's
mainframes
mainland
mainland's
mainlands
mainline
mainline's
mainlined
mainlines
mainlining
mainly
mainmast
mainmast's
mainmasts
mains
mainsail
mainsail's
mainsails
mainspring
mainspring's
mainsprings
mainstay
mainstay's
mainstays
mainstream
mainstream's
mainstreamed
mainstreaming
mainstreams
maintain
maintainability
maintainable
maintained
maintainer
maintainers
maintaining
maintains
maintenance
maintenance's
maize
maize's
maizes
majestic
majestically
majesties
majesty
majesty's
major
major's
majored
majorette
majorette's
majorettes
majoring
majorities
majority
majority's
majorly
majors
make
make's
maker
maker's
makers
makes
makeshift
makeshift's
makeshifts
makeup
makeup's
makeups
making
making's
makings
maladies
maladjusted
maladjustment
maladjustment's
maladroit
malady
malady's
malaise
malaise's
malapropism
malapropism's
malapropisms
malaria
malaria's
malarial
malarkey
malarkey's
malcontent
malcontent's
malcontents
male
male's
malediction
malediction's
maledictions
malefactor
malefactor's
malefactors
maleness
maleness's
males
malevolence
malevolence's
malevolent
malevolently
malfeasance
malfeasance's
malformation
malformation's
malformations
malformed
malfunction
malfunction's
malfunctioned
malfunctioning
malfunctions
malice
malice's
malicious
maliciously
malign
malignancies
malignancy
malignancy's
malignant
malignantly
maligned
maligning
malignity
malignity's
maligns
malinger
malingered
malingerer
malingerer's
malingerers
malingering
malingers
mall
mall's
mallard
mallard's
mallards
malleability
malleability's
malleable
mallet
mallet's
mallets
mallow
mallow's
mallows
malls
malnourished
malnutrition
malnutrition's
malodorous
malpractice
malpractice's
malpractices
malt
malt's
malted
malted's
malteds
malting
maltreat
maltreated
maltreating
maltreatment
maltreatment's
maltreats
malts
mama
mama's
mamas
mambo
mambo's
mamboed
mamboing
mambos
mamma
mamma's
mammal
mammal's
mammalian
mammalian's
mammalians
mammals
mammary
mammas
mammogram
mammogram's
mammograms
mammography
mammography's
mammon
mammon's
mammoth
mammoth's
mammoths
man
man's
manacle
manacle's
manacled
manacles
manacling
manage
manageability
manageability's
manageable
managed
management
management's
manager
manager's
managerial
managers
manages
managing
manatee
manatee's
manatees
mandarin
mandarin's
mandarins
mandate
mandate's
mandated
mandates
mandating
mandatory
mandible
mandible's
mandibles
mandolin
mandolin's
mandolins
mandrake
mandrake's
mandrakes
mandrill
mandrill's
mandrills
mane
mane's
manes
maneuver
maneuver's
maneuverability
maneuverability's
maneuverable
maneuvered
maneuvering
maneuvers
manful
manfully
manganese
manganese's
mange
mange's
manger
manger's
mangers
mangier
mangiest
mangle
mangle's
mangled
mangles
mangling
mango
mango's
mangoes
mangos
mangrove
mangrove's
mangroves
mangy
manhandle
manhandled
manhandles
manhandling
manhole
manhole's
manholes
manhood
manhood's
manhunt
manhunt's
manhunts
mania
mania's
maniac
maniac's
maniacal
maniacs
manias
manic
manic's
manics
manicure
manicure's
manicured
manicures
manicuring
manicurist
manicurist's
manicurists
manifest
manifest's
manifestation
manifestation's
manifestations
manifested
manifesting
manifestly
manifesto
manifesto's
manifestoes
manifestos
manifests
manifold
manifold's
manifolded
manifolding
manifolds
manikin
manikin's
manikins
manipulate
manipulated
manipulates
manipulating
manipulation
manipulation's
manipulations
manipulative
manipulator
manipulator's
manipulators
mankind
mankind's
manlier
manliest
manliness
manliness's
manly
manna
manna's
manned
mannequin
mannequin's
mannequins
manner
manner's
mannered
mannerism
mannerism's
mannerisms
mannerly
manners
mannikin
mannikin's
mannikins
manning
mannish
mannishly
mannishness
mannishness's
manor
manor's
manorial
manors
manpower
manpower's
manqué
mans
mansard
mansard's
mansards
manse
manse's
manservant
manservant's
manses
mansion
mansion's
mansions
manslaughter
manslaughter's
mantel
mantel's
mantelpiece
mantelpiece's
mantelpieces
mantels
mantes
mantilla
mantilla's
mantillas
mantis
mantis's
mantises
mantissa
mantle
mantle's
mantled
mantlepiece
mantlepieces
mantles
mantling
mantra
mantra's
mantras
manual
manual's
manually
manuals
manufacture
manufacture's
manufactured
manufacturer
manufacturer's
manufacturers
manufactures
manufacturing
manufacturing's
manumit
manumits
manumitted
manumitting
manure
manure's
manured
manures
manuring
manuscript
manuscript's
manuscripts
many
many's
manège
manège's
map
map's
maple
maple's
maples
mapped
mapper
mapping
mappings
maps
mar
marabou
marabou's
marabous
maraca
maraca's
maracas
marathon
marathon's
marathoner
marathoner's
marathoners
marathons
maraud
marauded
marauder
marauder's
marauders
marauding
marauds
marble
marble's
marbled
marbles
marbling
marbling's
march
march's
marched
marcher
marcher's
marchers
marches
marching
marchioness
marchioness's
marchionesses
mare
mare's
mares
margarine
margarine's
margarita
margarita's
margaritas
margin
margin's
marginal
marginalia
marginalia's
marginally
margins
maria
maria's
mariachi
mariachi's
mariachis
marigold
marigold's
marigolds
marihuana
marihuana's
marijuana
marijuana's
marimba
marimba's
marimbas
marina
marina's
marinade
marinade's
marinaded
marinades
marinading
marinas
marinate
marinated
marinates
marinating
marine
marine's
mariner
mariner's
mariners
marines
marionette
marionette's
marionettes
marital
maritime
marjoram
marjoram's
mark
mark's
markdown
markdown's
markdowns
marked
markedly
marker
marker's
markers
market
market's
marketability
marketability's
marketable
marketed
marketer
marketer's
marketers
marketing
marketing's
marketplace
marketplace's
marketplaces
markets
marking
marking's
markings
marks
marksman
marksman's
marksmanship
marksmanship's
marksmen
markup
markup's
markups
marlin
marlin's
marlins
marmalade
marmalade's
marmoset
marmoset's
marmosets
marmot
marmot's
marmots
maroon
maroon's
marooned
marooning
maroons
marquee
marquee's
marquees
marquess
marquess's
marquesses
marquetry
marquetry's
marquis
marquis's
marquise
marquise's
marquises
marred
marriage
marriage's
marriageable
marriages
married
married's
marrieds
marries
marring
marrow
marrow's
marrows
marry
marrying
mars
marsh
marsh's
marshal
marshal's
marshaled
marshaling
marshalled
marshalling
marshals
marshes
marshier
marshiest
marshmallow
marshmallow's
marshmallows
marshy
marsupial
marsupial's
marsupials
mart
mart's
marten
marten's
martens
martial
martin
martin's
martinet
martinet's
martinets
martini
martini's
martinis
martins
marts
martyr
martyr's
martyrdom
martyrdom's
martyred
martyring
martyrs
marvel
marvel's
marveled
marveling
marvelled
marvelling
marvellously
marvelous
marvelously
marvels
marzipan
marzipan's
mas
mascara
mascara's
mascaraed
mascaraing
mascaras
mascot
mascot's
mascots
masculine
masculine's
masculines
masculinity
masculinity's
mash
mash's
mashed
masher
masher's
mashers
mashes
mashing
mask
mask's
masked
masking
masks
masochism
masochism's
masochist
masochist's
masochistic
masochists
mason
mason's
masonic
masonry
masonry's
masons
masque
masque's
masquerade
masquerade's
masqueraded
masquerader
masquerader's
masqueraders
masquerades
masquerading
masques
mass
mass's
massacre
massacre's
massacred
massacres
massacring
massage
massage's
massaged
massages
massaging
massed
masses
masseur
masseur's
masseurs
masseuse
masseuse's
masseuses
massing
massive
massively
massiveness
massiveness's
mast
mast's
mastectomies
mastectomy
mastectomy's
master
master's
mastered
masterful
masterfully
mastering
masterly
mastermind
mastermind's
masterminded
masterminding
masterminds
masterpiece
masterpiece's
masterpieces
masters
masterstroke
masterstroke's
masterstrokes
masterwork
masterwork's
masterworks
mastery
mastery's
masthead
masthead's
mastheads
masticate
masticated
masticates
masticating
mastication
mastication's
mastiff
mastiff's
mastiffs
mastodon
mastodon's
mastodons
mastoid
mastoid's
mastoids
masts
masturbate
masturbated
masturbates
masturbating
masturbation
masturbation's
mat
mat's
matador
matador's
matadors
match
match's
matchbook
matchbook's
matchbooks
matchbox
matchbox's
matchboxes
matched
matches
matching
matchless
matchmaker
matchmaker's
matchmakers
matchmaking
matchmaking's
matchstick
matchstick's
matchsticks
mate
mate's
mated
material
material's
materialism
materialism's
materialist
materialist's
materialistic
materialistically
materialists
materialization
materialization's
materialize
materialized
materializes
materializing
materially
materials
maternal
maternally
maternity
maternity's
mates
math
math's
mathematical
mathematically
mathematician
mathematician's
mathematicians
mathematics
mathematics's
mating
matins
matins's
matinée
matinée's
matinées
matriarch
matriarch's
matriarchal
matriarchies
matriarchs
matriarchy
matriarchy's
matrices
matricide
matricide's
matricides
matriculate
matriculated
matriculates
matriculating
matriculation
matriculation's
matrimonial
matrimony
matrimony's
matrix
matrix's
matrixes
matron
matron's
matronly
matrons
mats
matt
matte
matte's
matted
matter
matter's
mattered
mattering
matters
mattes
matting
matting's
mattock
mattock's
mattocks
mattress
mattress's
mattresses
matts
maturation
maturation's
mature
matured
maturely
maturer
matures
maturest
maturing
maturities
maturity
maturity's
matzo
matzo's
matzoh
matzoh's
matzohs
matzos
matzot
matzoth
matériel
matériel's
maudlin
maul
maul's
mauled
mauling
mauls
maunder
maundered
maundering
maunders
mausolea
mausoleum
mausoleum's
mausoleums
mauve
mauve's
maven
maven's
mavens
maverick
maverick's
mavericks
mavin
mavin's
mavins
maw
maw's
mawkish
mawkishly
maws
max's
maxed
maxes
maxilla
maxilla's
maxillae
maxillary
maxillas
maxim
maxim's
maxima
maximal
maximally
maximization
maximization's
maximize
maximized
maximizes
maximizing
maxims
maximum
maximum's
maximums
maxing
may
may's
maybe
maybe's
maybes
mayday
mayday's
maydays
mayflies
mayflower
mayflower's
mayflowers
mayfly
mayfly's
mayhem
mayhem's
mayo
mayo's
mayonnaise
mayonnaise's
mayor
mayor's
mayoral
mayoralty
mayoralty's
mayors
maypole
maypole's
maypoles
maze
maze's
mazes
mazourka
mazourka's
mazourkas
mazurka
mazurka's
mazurkas
me
mead
mead's
meadow
meadow's
meadowlark
meadowlark's
meadowlarks
meadows
meager
meagerly
meagerness
meagerness's
meal
meal's
mealier
mealiest
meals
mealtime
mealtime's
mealtimes
mealy
mean
mean's
meander
meander's
meandered
meandering
meanders
meaner
meanest
meaning
meaning's
meaningful
meaningfully
meaningless
meanings
meanly
meanness
meanness's
means
meant
meantime
meantime's
meanwhile
meanwhile's
measles
measles's
measlier
measliest
measly
measurable
measurably
measure
measure's
measured
measureless
measurement
measurement's
measurements
measures
measuring
meat
meat's
meatball
meatball's
meatballs
meatier
meatiest
meatloaf
meatloaf's
meatloaves
meats
meaty
mecca
mecca's
meccas
mechanic
mechanic's
mechanical
mechanically
mechanics
mechanics's
mechanism
mechanism's
mechanisms
mechanistic
mechanization
mechanization's
mechanize
mechanized
mechanizes
mechanizing
medal
medal's
medalist
medalist's
medalists
medallion
medallion's
medallions
medals
meddle
meddled
meddler
meddler's
meddlers
meddles
meddlesome
meddling
media
media's
mediaeval
medial
median
median's
medians
medias
mediate
mediated
mediates
mediating
mediation
mediation's
mediator
mediator's
mediators
medic
medic's
medical
medical's
medically
medicals
medicate
medicated
medicates
medicating
medication
medication's
medications
medicinal
medicinally
medicine
medicine's
medicines
medics
medieval
mediocre
mediocrities
mediocrity
mediocrity's
meditate
meditated
meditates
meditating
meditation
meditation's
meditations
meditative
meditatively
medium
medium's
mediums
medley
medley's
medleys
medulla
medulla's
medullae
medullas
meek
meeker
meekest
meekly
meekness
meekness's
meet
meet's
meeting
meeting's
meetinghouse
meetinghouse's
meetinghouses
meetings
meets
meg
megabyte
megabyte's
megabytes
megacycle
megacycle's
megacycles
megahertz
megahertz's
megahertzes
megalith
megalith's
megaliths
megalomania
megalomania's
megalomaniac
megalomaniac's
megalomaniacs
megalopolis
megalopolis's
megalopolises
megaphone
megaphone's
megaphoned
megaphones
megaphoning
megapixel
megapixel's
megapixels
megaton
megaton's
megatons
megs
melancholia
melancholia's
melancholic
melancholics
melancholy
melancholy's
melange
melange's
melanges
melanin
melanin's
melanoma
melanoma's
melanomas
melanomata
meld
meld's
melded
melding
melds
mellifluous
mellifluously
mellow
mellowed
mellower
mellowest
mellowing
mellowness
mellowness's
mellows
melodic
melodically
melodies
melodious
melodiously
melodiousness
melodiousness's
melodrama
melodrama's
melodramas
melodramatic
melodramatically
melody
melody's
melon
melon's
melons
melt
melt's
meltdown
meltdown's
meltdowns
melted
melting
melts
member
member's
members
membership
membership's
memberships
membrane
membrane's
membranes
membranous
memento
memento's
mementoes
mementos
memo
memo's
memoir
memoir's
memoirs
memorabilia
memorabilia's
memorable
memorably
memoranda
memorandum
memorandum's
memorandums
memorial
memorial's
memorialize
memorialized
memorializes
memorializing
memorials
memories
memorization
memorization's
memorize
memorized
memorizes
memorizing
memory
memory's
memos
men
menace
menace's
menaced
menaces
menacing
menacingly
menage
menage's
menagerie
menagerie's
menageries
menages
mend
mend's
mendacious
mendacity
mendacity's
mended
mender
mender's
menders
mendicant
mendicant's
mendicants
mending
mends
menfolk
menfolk's
menhaden
menhaden's
menhadens
menial
menial's
menially
menials
meningitis
meningitis's
menopausal
menopause
menopause's
menorah
menorah's
menorahs
menservants
menses
menses's
menstrual
menstruate
menstruated
menstruates
menstruating
menstruation
menstruation's
menswear
menswear's
mental
mentalities
mentality
mentality's
mentally
menthol
menthol's
mentholated
mention
mention's
mentioned
mentioning
mentions
mentor
mentor's
mentored
mentoring
mentors
menu
menu's
menus
meow
meow's
meowed
meowing
meows
mercantile
mercenaries
mercenary
mercenary's
mercerize
mercerized
mercerizes
mercerizing
merchandise
merchandise's
merchandised
merchandises
merchandising
merchandize
merchandized
merchandizes
merchandizing
merchant
merchant's
merchantman
merchantman's
merchantmen
merchants
mercies
merciful
mercifully
merciless
mercilessly
mercurial
mercuric
mercury
mercury's
mercy
mercy's
mere
mere's
merely
meres
merest
meretricious
merganser
merganser's
mergansers
merge
merged
merger
merger's
mergers
merges
merging
meridian
meridian's
meridians
meringue
meringue's
meringues
merino
merino's
merinos
merit
merit's
merited
meriting
meritocracies
meritocracy
meritocracy's
meritorious
meritoriously
merits
mermaid
mermaid's
mermaids
merman
merman's
mermen
merrier
merriest
merrily
merriment
merriment's
merriness
merriness's
merry
merrymaker
merrymaker's
merrymakers
merrymaking
merrymaking's
mes
mesa
mesa's
mesas
mescal
mescal's
mescaline
mescaline's
mescals
mesdames
mesdemoiselles
mesh
mesh's
meshed
meshes
meshing
mesmerism
mesmerism's
mesmerize
mesmerized
mesmerizes
mesmerizing
mesquite
mesquite's
mesquites
mess
mess's
message
message's
messages
messed
messenger
messenger's
messengers
messes
messiah
messiah's
messiahs
messier
messiest
messieurs
messily
messiness
messiness's
messing
messy
mestizo
mestizo's
mestizoes
mestizos
met
metabolic
metabolism
metabolism's
metabolisms
metabolize
metabolized
metabolizes
metabolizing
metacarpal
metacarpal's
metacarpals
metacarpi
metacarpus
metacarpus's
metal
metal's
metallic
metallurgical
metallurgist
metallurgist's
metallurgists
metallurgy
metallurgy's
metals
metamorphic
metamorphism
metamorphism's
metamorphose
metamorphosed
metamorphoses
metamorphosing
metamorphosis
metamorphosis's
metaphor
metaphor's
metaphorical
metaphorically
metaphors
metaphysical
metaphysics
metaphysics's
metastases
metastasis
metastasis's
metastasize
metastasized
metastasizes
metastasizing
metatarsal
metatarsal's
metatarsals
mete
mete's
meted
meteor
meteor's
meteoric
meteorite
meteorite's
meteorites
meteoroid
meteoroid's
meteoroids
meteorological
meteorologist
meteorologist's
meteorologists
meteorology
meteorology's
meteors
meter
meter's
metered
metering
meters
metes
methadon
methadon's
methadone
methadone's
methane
methane's
methanol
methanol's
methinks
method
method's
methodical
methodically
methodological
methodologies
methodology
methodology's
methods
methought
meticulous
meticulously
meticulousness
meticulousness's
meting
metric
metrical
metrically
metrication
metrication's
metrics
metro
metro's
metronome
metronome's
metronomes
metropolis
metropolis's
metropolises
metropolitan
metros
mettle
mettle's
mettlesome
mew
mew's
mewed
mewing
mewl
mewled
mewling
mewls
mews
mews's
mezzanine
mezzanine's
mezzanines
mi
mi's
miaow
miaow's
miaowed
miaowing
miaows
miasma
miasma's
miasmas
miasmata
mica
mica's
mice
micra
microbe
microbe's
microbes
microbiologist
microbiologist's
microbiologists
microbiology
microbiology's
microchip
microchip's
microchips
microcode
microcomputer
microcomputer's
microcomputers
microcosm
microcosm's
microcosms
microeconomics
microeconomics's
microfiche
microfiche's
microfiches
microfilm
microfilm's
microfilmed
microfilming
microfilms
micrometer
micrometer's
micrometers
micron
micron's
microns
microorganism
microorganism's
microorganisms
microphone
microphone's
microphones
microprocessor
microprocessor's
microprocessors
microscope
microscope's
microscopes
microscopic
microscopically
microscopy
microscopy's
microsecond
microsecond's
microseconds
microsurgery
microsurgery's
microwave
microwave's
microwaved
microwaves
microwaving
mid
midair
midair's
midday
midday's
middies
middle
middle's
middlebrow
middlebrow's
middlebrows
middleman
middleman's
middlemen
middles
middleweight
middleweight's
middleweights
middling
middy
middy's
midge
midge's
midges
midget
midget's
midgets
midland
midland's
midlands
midmost
midnight
midnight's
midpoint
midpoint's
midpoints
midriff
midriff's
midriffs
midshipman
midshipman's
midshipmen
midst
midst's
midstream
midstream's
midsummer
midsummer's
midterm
midterm's
midterms
midtown
midtown's
midway
midway's
midways
midweek
midweek's
midweeks
midwife
midwife's
midwifed
midwiferies
midwifery
midwifery's
midwifes
midwifing
midwinter
midwinter's
midwived
midwives
midwiving
midyear
midyear's
midyears
mien
mien's
miens
miff
miffed
miffing
miffs
might
might's
mightier
mightiest
mightily
mightiness
mightiness's
mighty
migraine
migraine's
migraines
migrant
migrant's
migrants
migrate
migrated
migrates
migrating
migration
migration's
migrations
migratory
mike
mike's
miked
mikes
miking
mil
mil's
milch
mild
mild's
milder
mildest
mildew
mildew's
mildewed
mildewing
mildews
mildly
mildness
mildness's
mile
mile's
mileage
mileage's
mileages
milepost
milepost's
mileposts
miler
miler's
milers
miles
milestone
milestone's
milestones
milieu
milieu's
milieus
milieux
militancy
militancy's
militant
militant's
militantly
militants
militaries
militarily
militarism
militarism's
militarist
militarist's
militaristic
militarists
militarization
militarization's
militarize
militarized
militarizes
militarizing
military
military's
militate
militated
militates
militating
militia
militia's
militiaman
militiaman's
militiamen
militias
milk
milk's
milked
milker
milkier
milkiest
milkiness
milkiness's
milking
milkmaid
milkmaid's
milkmaids
milkman
milkman's
milkmen
milks
milkshake
milkshake's
milkshakes
milksop
milksop's
milksops
milkweed
milkweed's
milkweeds
milky
mill
mill's
millage
millage's
milled
millennia
millennial
millennium
millennium's
millenniums
millepede
millepede's
millepedes
miller
miller's
millers
millet
millet's
milligram
milligram's
milligrams
milliliter
milliliter's
milliliters
millimeter
millimeter's
millimeters
milliner
milliner's
milliners
millinery
millinery's
milling
million
million's
millionaire
millionaire's
millionaires
millions
millionth
millionth's
millionths
millipede
millipede's
millipedes
millisecond
millisecond's
milliseconds
millrace
millrace's
millraces
mills
millstone
millstone's
millstones
milquetoast
milquetoast's
milquetoasts
mils
mime
mime's
mimed
mimeograph
mimeograph's
mimeographed
mimeographing
mimeographs
mimes
mimetic
mimic
mimic's
mimicked
mimicking
mimicries
mimicry
mimicry's
mimics
miming
mimosa
mimosa's
mimosas
minaret
minaret's
minarets
minatory
mince
mince's
minced
mincemeat
mincemeat's
minces
mincing
mind
mind's
mindbogglingly
minded
mindedness
mindful
mindfully
mindfulness
mindfulness's
minding
mindless
mindlessly
mindlessness
mindlessness's
minds
mine
mine's
mined
minefield
minefield's
minefields
miner
miner's
mineral
mineral's
mineralogist
mineralogist's
mineralogists
mineralogy
mineralogy's
minerals
miners
mines
minestrone
minestrone's
minesweeper
minesweeper's
minesweepers
mingle
mingled
mingles
mingling
mini
mini's
miniature
miniature's
miniatures
miniaturist
miniaturist's
miniaturists
miniaturization
miniaturization's
miniaturize
miniaturized
miniaturizes
miniaturizing
minibike
minibike's
minibikes
minibus
minibus's
minibuses
minibusses
minicam
minicam's
minicams
minicomputer
minicomputer's
minicomputers
minim
minim's
minima
minimal
minimalism
minimalism's
minimalist
minimalist's
minimalists
minimally
minimization
minimize
minimized
minimizes
minimizing
minims
minimum
minimum's
minimums
mining
mining's
minion
minion's
minions
minis
miniscule
miniscule's
miniscules
miniseries
miniseries's
miniskirt
miniskirt's
miniskirts
minister
minister's
ministered
ministerial
ministering
ministers
ministrant
ministrant's
ministrants
ministration
ministration's
ministrations
ministries
ministry
ministry's
minivan
minivan's
minivans
mink
mink's
minks
minnow
minnow's
minnows
minor
minor's
minored
minoring
minorities
minority
minority's
minors
minster
minstrel
minstrel's
minstrels
mint
mint's
minted
mintier
mintiest
minting
mints
minty
minuend
minuend's
minuends
minuet
minuet's
minuets
minus
minus's
minuscule
minuscule's
minuscules
minuses
minute
minute's
minuted
minutely
minuteman
minuteman's
minutemen
minuteness
minuteness's
minuter
minutes
minutest
minutia
minutia's
minutiae
minuting
minx
minx's
minxes
miracle
miracle's
miracles
miraculous
miraculously
mirage
mirage's
mirages
mire
mire's
mired
mires
miring
mirror
mirror's
mirrored
mirroring
mirrors
mirth
mirth's
mirthful
mirthfully
mirthless
misadventure
misadventure's
misadventures
misalignment
misalliance
misalliance's
misalliances
misanthrope
misanthrope's
misanthropes
misanthropic
misanthropist
misanthropist's
misanthropists
misanthropy
misanthropy's
misapplication
misapplication's
misapplied
misapplies
misapply
misapplying
misapprehend
misapprehended
misapprehending
misapprehends
misapprehension
misapprehension's
misapprehensions
misappropriate
misappropriated
misappropriates
misappropriating
misappropriation
misappropriation's
misappropriations
misbegotten
misbehave
misbehaved
misbehaves
misbehaving
misbehavior
misbehavior's
miscalculate
miscalculated
miscalculates
miscalculating
miscalculation
miscalculation's
miscalculations
miscall
miscalled
miscalling
miscalls
miscarriage
miscarriage's
miscarriages
miscarried
miscarries
miscarry
miscarrying
miscast
miscasting
miscasts
miscegenation
miscegenation's
miscellaneous
miscellanies
miscellany
miscellany's
mischance
mischance's
mischances
mischief
mischief's
mischievous
mischievously
mischievousness
mischievousness's
misconceive
misconceived
misconceives
misconceiving
misconception
misconception's
misconceptions
misconduct
misconduct's
misconducted
misconducting
misconducts
misconstruction
misconstruction's
misconstructions
misconstrue
misconstrued
misconstrues
misconstruing
miscount
miscount's
miscounted
miscounting
miscounts
miscreant
miscreant's
miscreants
miscue
miscue's
miscued
miscues
miscuing
misdeal
misdeal's
misdealing
misdeals
misdealt
misdeed
misdeed's
misdeeds
misdemeanor
misdemeanor's
misdemeanors
misdiagnose
misdiagnosed
misdiagnoses
misdiagnosing
misdiagnosis
misdiagnosis's
misdid
misdirect
misdirected
misdirecting
misdirection
misdirection's
misdirects
misdo
misdoes
misdoing
misdoing's
misdoings
misdone
miser
miser's
miserable
miserably
miseries
miserliness
miserliness's
miserly
misers
misery
misery's
misfeasance
misfeasance's
misfire
misfire's
misfired
misfires
misfiring
misfit
misfit's
misfits
misfitted
misfitting
misfortune
misfortune's
misfortunes
misgiving
misgiving's
misgivings
misgovern
misgoverned
misgoverning
misgoverns
misguide
misguided
misguidedly
misguides
misguiding
mishandle
mishandled
mishandles
mishandling
mishap
mishap's
mishaps
mishmash
mishmash's
mishmashes
misidentified
misidentifies
misidentify
misidentifying
misinform
misinformation
misinformation's
misinformed
misinforming
misinforms
misinterpret
misinterpretation
misinterpretation's
misinterpretations
misinterpreted
misinterpreting
misinterprets
misjudge
misjudged
misjudgement
misjudgement's
misjudgements
misjudges
misjudging
misjudgment
misjudgment's
misjudgments
mislaid
mislay
mislaying
mislays
mislead
misleading
misleads
misled
mismanage
mismanaged
mismanagement
mismanagement's
mismanages
mismanaging
mismatch
mismatch's
mismatched
mismatches
mismatching
misnomer
misnomer's
misnomers
misogynist
misogynist's
misogynistic
misogynists
misogyny
misogyny's
misplace
misplaced
misplaces
misplacing
misplay
misplay's
misplayed
misplaying
misplays
misprint
misprint's
misprinted
misprinting
misprints
mispronounce
mispronounced
mispronounces
mispronouncing
mispronunciation
mispronunciation's
mispronunciations
misquotation
misquotation's
misquotations
misquote
misquote's
misquoted
misquotes
misquoting
misread
misreading
misreading's
misreadings
misreads
misrepresent
misrepresentation
misrepresentation's
misrepresentations
misrepresented
misrepresenting
misrepresents
misrule
misrule's
misruled
misrules
misruling
miss
miss's
missal
missal's
missals
missed
misses
misshapen
missile
missile's
missilery
missilery's
missiles
missing
mission
mission's
missionaries
missionary
missionary's
missions
missive
missive's
missives
misspell
misspelled
misspelling
misspelling's
misspellings
misspells
misspelt
misspend
misspending
misspends
misspent
misstate
misstated
misstatement
misstatement's
misstatements
misstates
misstating
misstep
misstep's
missteps
mist
mist's
mistake
mistake's
mistaken
mistakenly
mistakes
mistaking
misted
mister
mister's
misters
mistier
mistiest
mistily
mistime
mistimed
mistimes
mistiming
mistiness
mistiness's
misting
mistletoe
mistletoe's
mistook
mistranslated
mistreat
mistreated
mistreating
mistreatment
mistreatment's
mistreats
mistress
mistress's
mistresses
mistrial
mistrial's
mistrials
mistrust
mistrust's
mistrusted
mistrustful
mistrusting
mistrusts
mists
misty
mistype
mistypes
mistyping
misunderstand
misunderstanding
misunderstanding's
misunderstandings
misunderstands
misunderstood
misuse
misuse's
misused
misuses
misusing
mite
mite's
miter
miter's
mitered
mitering
miters
mites
mitigate
mitigated
mitigates
mitigating
mitigation
mitigation's
mitosis
mitosis's
mitt
mitt's
mitten
mitten's
mittens
mitts
mix
mix's
mixed
mixer
mixer's
mixers
mixes
mixing
mixture
mixture's
mixtures
mizzen
mizzen's
mizzenmast
mizzenmast's
mizzenmasts
mizzens
mnemonic
mnemonic's
mnemonics
moan
moan's
moaned
moaning
moans
moat
moat's
moats
mob
mob's
mobbed
mobbing
mobile
mobile's
mobiles
mobility
mobility's
mobilization
mobilization's
mobilizations
mobilize
mobilized
mobilizes
mobilizing
mobs
mobster
mobster's
mobsters
moccasin
moccasin's
moccasins
mocha
mocha's
mock
mocked
mocker
mocker's
mockeries
mockers
mockery
mockery's
mocking
mockingbird
mockingbird's
mockingbirds
mockingly
mocks
mod
mod's
modal
modal's
modals
mode
mode's
model
model's
modeled
modeling
modeling's
modelings
modelled
modelling
models
modem
modem's
modems
moderate
moderate's
moderated
moderately
moderates
moderating
moderation
moderation's
moderator
moderator's
moderators
modern
modern's
modernism
modernism's
modernist
modernist's
modernistic
modernists
modernity
modernity's
modernization
modernization's
modernize
modernized
modernizes
modernizing
moderns
modes
modest
modestly
modesty
modesty's
modicum
modicum's
modicums
modifiable
modification
modification's
modifications
modified
modifier
modifier's
modifiers
modifies
modify
modifying
modish
modishly
mods
modular
modulate
modulated
modulates
modulating
modulation
modulation's
modulations
modulator
modulator's
modulators
module
module's
modules
modulus
mogul
mogul's
moguls
mohair
mohair's
moieties
moiety
moiety's
moire
moire's
moires
moist
moisten
moistened
moistening
moistens
moister
moistest
moistly
moistness
moistness's
moisture
moisture's
moisturize
moisturized
moisturizer
moisturizer's
moisturizers
moisturizes
moisturizing
molar
molar's
molars
molasses
molasses's
mold
mold's
molded
molder
molder's
moldered
moldering
molders
moldier
moldiest
moldiness
moldiness's
molding
molding's
moldings
molds
moldy
mole
mole's
molecular
molecule
molecule's
molecules
molehill
molehill's
molehills
moles
moleskin
moleskin's
molest
molestation
molestation's
molested
molester
molester's
molesters
molesting
molests
moll
moll's
mollification
mollification's
mollified
mollifies
mollify
mollifying
molls
mollusc
mollusc's
molluscs
mollusk
mollusk's
mollusks
mollycoddle
mollycoddle's
mollycoddled
mollycoddles
mollycoddling
molt
molt's
molted
molten
molting
molts
molybdenum
molybdenum's
mom
mom's
moment
moment's
momentarily
momentary
momentous
momentousness
momentousness's
moments
momentum
momentum's
momma
momma's
mommas
mommies
mommy
mommy's
moms
monarch
monarch's
monarchic
monarchical
monarchies
monarchism
monarchism's
monarchist
monarchist's
monarchists
monarchs
monarchy
monarchy's
monasteries
monastery
monastery's
monastic
monastic's
monasticism
monasticism's
monastics
monaural
monetarily
monetarism
monetary
money
money's
moneybag
moneybag's
moneybags
moneyed
moneymaker
moneymaker's
moneymakers
moneymaking
moneymaking's
mongeese
monger
monger's
mongered
mongering
mongers
mongolism
mongolism's
mongoose
mongoose's
mongooses
mongrel
mongrel's
mongrels
monicker
monicker's
monickers
monied
monies
moniker
moniker's
monikers
monitor
monitor's
monitored
monitoring
monitors
monk
monk's
monkey
monkey's
monkeyed
monkeying
monkeys
monkeyshine
monkeyshine's
monkeyshines
monks
mono
mono's
monochromatic
monochrome
monochrome's
monochromes
monocle
monocle's
monocles
monocotyledon
monocotyledon's
monocotyledons
monogamous
monogamy
monogamy's
monogram
monogram's
monogrammed
monogramming
monograms
monograph
monograph's
monographs
monolingual
monolingual's
monolinguals
monolith
monolith's
monolithic
monoliths
monolog
monolog's
monologs
monologue
monologue's
monologues
monomania
monomania's
monomaniac
monomaniac's
monomaniacs
mononucleosis
mononucleosis's
monophonic
monopolies
monopolist
monopolist's
monopolistic
monopolists
monopolization
monopolization's
monopolize
monopolized
monopolizes
monopolizing
monopoly
monopoly's
monorail
monorail's
monorails
monosyllabic
monosyllable
monosyllable's
monosyllables
monotheism
monotheism's
monotheist
monotheist's
monotheistic
monotheists
monotone
monotone's
monotones
monotonic
monotonically
monotonous
monotonously
monotony
monotony's
monoxide
monoxide's
monoxides
monsieur
monsieur's
monsignor
monsignor's
monsignori
monsignors
monsoon
monsoon's
monsoons
monster
monster's
monsters
monstrance
monstrance's
monstrances
monstrosities
monstrosity
monstrosity's
monstrous
monstrously
montage
montage's
montages
month
month's
monthlies
monthly
monthly's
months
monument
monument's
monumental
monumentally
monuments
moo
moo's
mooch
mooch's
mooched
moocher
moocher's
moochers
mooches
mooching
mood
mood's
moodier
moodiest
moodily
moodiness
moodiness's
moods
moody
mooed
mooing
moon
moon's
moonbeam
moonbeam's
moonbeams
mooned
mooning
moonlight
moonlight's
moonlighted
moonlighter
moonlighter's
moonlighters
moonlighting
moonlighting's
moonlights
moonlit
moons
moonscape
moonscape's
moonscapes
moonshine
moonshine's
moonshines
moonshot
moonshot's
moonshots
moonstone
moonstone's
moonstones
moonstruck
moor
moor's
moored
mooring
mooring's
moorings
moorland
moors
moos
moose
moose's
moot
mooted
mooting
moots
mop
mop's
mope
mope's
moped
moped's
mopeds
mopes
moping
mopped
moppet
moppet's
moppets
mopping
mops
moraine
moraine's
moraines
moral
moral's
morale
morale's
moralist
moralist's
moralistic
moralists
moralities
morality
morality's
moralize
moralized
moralizes
moralizing
morally
morals
morass
morass's
morasses
moratoria
moratorium
moratorium's
moratoriums
moray
moray's
morays
morbid
morbidity
morbidity's
morbidly
mordant
mordant's
mordants
more
more's
moreover
mores
mores's
morgue
morgue's
morgues
moribund
morn
morn's
morning
morning's
mornings
morns
morocco
morocco's
moron
moron's
moronic
morons
morose
morosely
moroseness
moroseness's
morpheme
morpheme's
morphemes
morphine
morphine's
morphological
morphology
morphology's
morrow
morrow's
morrows
morsel
morsel's
morsels
mortal
mortal's
mortality
mortality's
mortally
mortals
mortar
mortar's
mortarboard
mortarboard's
mortarboards
mortared
mortaring
mortars
mortgage
mortgage's
mortgaged
mortgagee
mortgagee's
mortgagees
mortgager
mortgager's
mortgagers
mortgages
mortgaging
mortgagor
mortgagor's
mortgagors
mortice
mortice's
morticed
mortices
mortician
mortician's
morticians
morticing
mortification
mortification's
mortified
mortifies
mortify
mortifying
mortise
mortise's
mortised
mortises
mortising
mortuaries
mortuary
mortuary's
mosaic
mosaic's
mosaics
mosey
moseyed
moseying
moseys
mosque
mosque's
mosques
mosquito
mosquito's
mosquitoes
mosquitos
moss
moss's
mosses
mossier
mossiest
mossy
most
most's
mostly
mote
mote's
motel
motel's
motels
motes
moth
moth's
mothball
mothball's
mothballed
mothballing
mothballs
mother
mother's
motherboard
motherboard's
motherboards
mothered
motherfucker
motherfucker's
motherfuckers
motherfucking
motherhood
motherhood's
mothering
motherland
motherland's
motherlands
motherless
motherliness
motherliness's
motherly
mothers
moths
motif
motif's
motifs
motile
motiles
motion
motion's
motioned
motioning
motionless
motions
motivate
motivated
motivates
motivating
motivation
motivation's
motivational
motivations
motivator
motivator's
motivators
motive
motive's
motives
motley
motley's
motleys
motlier
motliest
motocross
motocross's
motocrosses
motor
motor's
motorbike
motorbike's
motorbiked
motorbikes
motorbiking
motorboat
motorboat's
motorboats
motorcade
motorcade's
motorcades
motorcar
motorcar's
motorcars
motorcycle
motorcycle's
motorcycled
motorcycles
motorcycling
motorcyclist
motorcyclist's
motorcyclists
motored
motoring
motorist
motorist's
motorists
motorize
motorized
motorizes
motorizing
motorman
motorman's
motormen
motormouth
motormouth's
motormouths
motors
motorway
motorway's
motorways
mottle
mottled
mottles
mottling
motto
motto's
mottoes
mottos
mound
mound's
mounded
mounding
mounds
mount
mount's
mountain
mountain's
mountaineer
mountaineer's
mountaineered
mountaineering
mountaineering's
mountaineers
mountainous
mountains
mountainside
mountainside's
mountainsides
mountaintop
mountaintop's
mountaintops
mountebank
mountebank's
mountebanks
mounted
mounting
mounting's
mountings
mounts
mourn
mourned
mourner
mourner's
mourners
mournful
mournfully
mournfulness
mournfulness's
mourning
mourning's
mourns
mouse
mouse's
moused
mouser
mouser's
mousers
mouses
mousetrap
mousetrap's
mousetrapped
mousetrapping
mousetraps
mousey
mousier
mousiest
mousiness
mousiness's
mousing
mousse
mousse's
moussed
mousses
moussing
moustache
moustache's
moustaches
mousy
mouth
mouth's
mouthed
mouthful
mouthful's
mouthfuls
mouthing
mouthpiece
mouthpiece's
mouthpieces
mouths
mouthwash
mouthwash's
mouthwashes
mouthwatering
movable
movable's
movables
move
move's
moveable
moveable's
moveables
moved
movement
movement's
movements
mover
mover's
movers
moves
movie
movie's
movies
moving
movingly
mow
mow's
mowed
mower
mower's
mowers
mowing
mown
mows
mozzarella
mozzarella's
ms
mu
much
much's
mucilage
mucilage's
muck
muck's
mucked
muckier
muckiest
mucking
muckrake
muckraked
muckraker
muckraker's
muckrakers
muckrakes
muckraking
mucks
mucky
mucous
mucus
mucus's
mud
mud's
muddied
muddier
muddies
muddiest
muddiness
muddiness's
muddle
muddle's
muddled
muddles
muddling
muddy
muddying
mudguard
mudguard's
mudguards
mudslide
mudslide's
mudslides
mudslinger
mudslinger's
mudslingers
mudslinging
mudslinging's
muesli
muezzin
muezzin's
muezzins
muff
muff's
muffed
muffin
muffin's
muffing
muffins
muffle
muffled
muffler
muffler's
mufflers
muffles
muffling
muffs
mufti
mufti's
muftis
mug
mug's
mugged
mugger
mugger's
muggers
muggier
muggiest
mugginess
mugginess's
mugging
mugging's
muggings
muggy
mugs
mukluk
mukluk's
mukluks
mulatto
mulatto's
mulattoes
mulattos
mulberries
mulberry
mulberry's
mulch
mulch's
mulched
mulches
mulching
mule
mule's
mules
muleteer
muleteer's
muleteers
mulish
mulishly
mulishness
mulishness's
mull
mullah
mullah's
mullahs
mulled
mullet
mullet's
mullets
mulligatawny
mulligatawny's
mulling
mullion
mullion's
mullions
mulls
multicolored
multicultural
multiculturalism
multiculturalism's
multidimensional
multifaceted
multifarious
multifariousness
multifariousness's
multilateral
multilingual
multimedia
multimedia's
multimillionaire
multimillionaire's
multimillionaires
multinational
multinational's
multinationals
multiple
multiple's
multiples
multiplex
multiplex's
multiplexed
multiplexer
multiplexer's
multiplexers
multiplexes
multiplexing
multiplexor
multiplexor's
multiplexors
multiplicand
multiplicand's
multiplicands
multiplication
multiplication's
multiplications
multiplicative
multiplicities
multiplicity
multiplicity's
multiplied
multiplier
multiplier's
multipliers
multiplies
multiply
multiplying
multiprocessing
multipurpose
multiracial
multitasking
multitude
multitude's
multitudes
multitudinous
multivariate
multivitamin
multivitamin's
multivitamins
mum
mum's
mumble
mumble's
mumbled
mumbler
mumbler's
mumblers
mumbles
mumbling
mummer
mummer's
mummers
mummery
mummery's
mummies
mummification
mummification's
mummified
mummifies
mummify
mummifying
mummy
mummy's
mumps
mumps's
mums
munch
munched
munches
munchies
munchies's
munching
mundane
mundanely
municipal
municipal's
municipalities
municipality
municipality's
municipally
municipals
munificence
munificence's
munificent
munition
munition's
munitions
mural
mural's
muralist
muralist's
muralists
murals
murder
murder's
murdered
murderer
murderer's
murderers
murderess
murderess's
murderesses
murdering
murderous
murderously
murders
murk
murk's
murkier
murkiest
murkily
murkiness
murkiness's
murks
murky
murmur
murmur's
murmured
murmuring
murmurs
muscat
muscatel
muscatel's
muscatels
muscle
muscle's
muscled
muscles
muscling
muscular
muscularity
muscularity's
musculature
musculature's
muse
muse's
mused
muses
museum
museum's
museums
mush
mush's
mushed
mushes
mushier
mushiest
mushiness
mushiness's
mushing
mushroom
mushroom's
mushroomed
mushrooming
mushrooms
mushy
music
music's
musical
musical's
musicale
musicale's
musicales
musically
musicals
musician
musician's
musicians
musicianship
musicianship's
musicologist
musicologist's
musicologists
musicology
musicology's
musing
musing's
musings
musk
musk's
muskellunge
muskellunge's
muskellunges
musket
musket's
musketeer
musketeer's
musketeers
musketry
musketry's
muskets
muskier
muskiest
muskiness
muskiness's
muskmelon
muskmelon's
muskmelons
muskrat
muskrat's
muskrats
musky
muslin
muslin's
muss
muss's
mussed
mussel
mussel's
mussels
musses
mussier
mussiest
mussing
mussy
must
must's
mustache
mustache's
mustaches
mustang
mustang's
mustangs
mustard
mustard's
muster
muster's
mustered
mustering
musters
mustier
mustiest
mustiness
mustiness's
mustn't
musts
musty
mutability
mutability's
mutable
mutant
mutant's
mutants
mutate
mutated
mutates
mutating
mutation
mutation's
mutations
mute
mute's
muted
mutely
muteness
muteness's
muter
mutes
mutest
mutilate
mutilated
mutilates
mutilating
mutilation
mutilation's
mutilations
mutineer
mutineer's
mutineers
muting
mutinied
mutinies
mutinous
mutinously
mutiny
mutiny's
mutinying
mutt
mutt's
mutter
mutter's
muttered
muttering
mutters
mutton
mutton's
mutts
mutual
mutuality
mutuality's
mutually
muumuu
muumuu's
muumuus
muzzle
muzzle's
muzzled
muzzles
muzzling
my
myna
myna's
mynah
mynah's
mynahes
mynahs
mynas
myopia
myopia's
myopic
myriad
myriad's
myriads
myrrh
myrrh's
myrtle
myrtle's
myrtles
mys
myself
mysteries
mysterious
mysteriously
mysteriousness
mysteriousness's
mystery
mystery's
mystic
mystic's
mystical
mystically
mysticism
mysticism's
mystics
mystification
mystification's
mystified
mystifies
mystify
mystifying
mystique
mystique's
myth
myth's
mythic
mythical
mythological
mythologies
mythologist
mythologist's
mythologists
mythology
mythology's
myths
métier
métier's
métiers
mêlée
mêlée's
mêlées
n
nab
nabbed
nabbing
nabob
nabob's
nabobs
nabs
nacho
nacho's
nachos
nacre
nacre's
nadir
nadir's
nadirs
nag
nag's
nagged
nagging
nags
naiad
naiad's
naiades
naiads
nail
nail's
nailbrush
nailbrush's
nailbrushes
nailed
nailing
nails
naive
naively
naiver
naivest
naivety
naiveté
naiveté's
naked
nakedly
nakedness
nakedness's
name
name's
named
nameless
namely
names
namesake
namesake's
namesakes
naming
nannies
nanny
nanny's
nanosecond
nanosecond's
nanoseconds
nap
nap's
napalm
napalm's
napalmed
napalming
napalms
nape
nape's
napes
naphtha
naphtha's
naphthalene
naphthalene's
napkin
napkin's
napkins
napped
nappier
nappies
nappiest
napping
nappy
nappy's
naps
narc
narc's
narcissi
narcissism
narcissism's
narcissist
narcissist's
narcissistic
narcissists
narcissus
narcissus's
narcissuses
narcosis
narcosis's
narcotic
narcotic's
narcotics
narcs
nark
nark's
narked
narking
narks
narrate
narrated
narrates
narrating
narration
narration's
narrations
narrative
narrative's
narratives
narrator
narrator's
narrators
narrow
narrow's
narrowed
narrower
narrowest
narrowing
narrowly
narrowness
narrowness's
narrows
narwhal
narwhal's
narwhals
nary
nasal
nasal's
nasalize
nasalized
nasalizes
nasalizing
nasally
nasals
nascent
nastier
nastiest
nastily
nastiness
nastiness's
nasturtium
nasturtium's
nasturtiums
nasty
natal
nation
nation's
national
national's
nationalism
nationalism's
nationalist
nationalist's
nationalistic
nationalists
nationalities
nationality
nationality's
nationalization
nationalization's
nationalizations
nationalize
nationalized
nationalizes
nationalizing
nationally
nationals
nations
nationwide
native
native's
natives
nativities
nativity
nativity's
nattier
nattiest
nattily
natty
natural
natural's
naturalism
naturalism's
naturalist
naturalist's
naturalistic
naturalists
naturalization
naturalization's
naturalize
naturalized
naturalizes
naturalizing
naturally
naturalness
naturalness's
naturals
nature
nature's
natures
naught
naught's
naughtier
naughtiest
naughtily
naughtiness
naughtiness's
naughts
naughty
nausea
nausea's
nauseate
nauseated
nauseates
nauseating
nauseatingly
nauseous
nautical
nautically
nautili
nautilus
nautilus's
nautiluses
naval
nave
nave's
navel
navel's
navels
naves
navies
navigability
navigability's
navigable
navigate
navigated
navigates
navigating
navigation
navigation's
navigational
navigator
navigator's
navigators
navy
navy's
nay
nay's
nays
naysayer
naysayer's
naysayers
ne'er
near
nearby
neared
nearer
nearest
nearing
nearly
nearness
nearness's
nears
nearsighted
nearsightedness
nearsightedness's
neat
neater
neatest
neath
neatly
neatness
neatness's
nebula
nebula's
nebulae
nebular
nebulas
nebulous
necessaries
necessarily
necessary
necessary's
necessitate
necessitated
necessitates
necessitating
necessities
necessity
necessity's
neck
neck's
necked
neckerchief
neckerchief's
neckerchiefs
neckerchieves
necking
necklace
necklace's
necklaces
neckline
neckline's
necklines
necks
necktie
necktie's
neckties
necromancer
necromancer's
necromancers
necromancy
necromancy's
necrophilia
necrosis
necrosis's
nectar
nectar's
nectarine
nectarine's
nectarines
need
need's
needed
needful
needier
neediest
neediness
neediness's
needing
needle
needle's
needled
needlepoint
needlepoint's
needles
needless
needlessly
needlework
needlework's
needling
needn't
needs
needy
nefarious
nefariously
nefariousness
nefariousness's
negate
negated
negates
negating
negation
negation's
negations
negative
negative's
negatived
negatively
negatives
negativing
negativity
negativity's
neglect
neglect's
neglected
neglectful
neglectfully
neglecting
neglects
neglig
neglig's
negligee
negligee's
negligees
negligence
negligence's
negligent
negligently
negligible
negligibly
negligs
negotiable
negotiate
negotiated
negotiates
negotiating
negotiation
negotiation's
negotiations
negotiator
negotiator's
negotiators
neigh
neigh's
neighbor
neighbor's
neighbored
neighborhood
neighborhood's
neighborhoods
neighboring
neighborliness
neighborliness's
neighborly
neighbors
neighed
neighing
neighs
neither
nematode
nematode's
nematodes
nemeses
nemesis
nemesis's
neoclassic
neoclassical
neoclassicism
neoclassicism's
neocolonialism
neocolonialism's
neodymium
neodymium's
neologism
neologism's
neologisms
neon
neon's
neonatal
neonate
neonate's
neonates
neophyte
neophyte's
neophytes
neoprene
neoprene's
nephew
nephew's
nephews
nephritis
nephritis's
nepotism
nepotism's
neptunium
neptunium's
nerd
nerd's
nerdier
nerdiest
nerds
nerdy
nerve
nerve's
nerved
nerveless
nervelessly
nerves
nervier
nerviest
nerving
nervous
nervously
nervousness
nervousness's
nervy
nest
nest's
nested
nesting
nestle
nestled
nestles
nestling
nestling's
nestlings
nests
net
net's
nether
nethermost
nets
netted
netting
netting's
nettle
nettle's
nettled
nettles
nettlesome
nettling
network
network's
networked
networking
networking's
networks
neural
neuralgia
neuralgia's
neuralgic
neuritis
neuritis's
neurological
neurologist
neurologist's
neurologists
neurology
neurology's
neuron
neuron's
neurons
neuroses
neurosis
neurosis's
neurosurgery
neurosurgery's
neurotic
neurotic's
neurotically
neurotics
neurotransmitter
neurotransmitter's
neurotransmitters
neuter
neuter's
neutered
neutering
neuters
neutral
neutral's
neutrality
neutrality's
neutralization
neutralization's
neutralize
neutralized
neutralizer
neutralizer's
neutralizers
neutralizes
neutralizing
neutrally
neutrals
neutrino
neutrino's
neutrinos
neutron
neutron's
neutrons
never
nevermore
nevertheless
new
new's
newbie
newbie's
newbies
newborn
newborn's
newborns
newcomer
newcomer's
newcomers
newel
newel's
newels
newer
newest
newfangled
newly
newlywed
newlywed's
newlyweds
newness
newness's
news
news's
newsagents
newsboy
newsboy's
newsboys
newscast
newscast's
newscaster
newscaster's
newscasters
newscasts
newsflash
newsier
newsiest
newsletter
newsletter's
newsletters
newsman
newsman's
newsmen
newspaper
newspaper's
newspaperman
newspaperman's
newspapermen
newspapers
newspaperwoman
newspaperwoman's
newspaperwomen
newsprint
newsprint's
newsreel
newsreel's
newsreels
newsstand
newsstand's
newsstands
newsworthier
newsworthiest
newsworthy
newsy
newt
newt's
newton
newton's
newtons
newts
next
next's
nexus
nexus's
nexuses
niacin
niacin's
nib
nib's
nibble
nibble's
nibbled
nibbler
nibbler's
nibblers
nibbles
nibbling
nibs
nice
nicely
niceness
niceness's
nicer
nicest
niceties
nicety
nicety's
niche
niche's
niches
nick
nick's
nicked
nickel
nickel's
nickelodeon
nickelodeon's
nickelodeons
nickels
nicking
nicknack
nicknack's
nicknacks
nickname
nickname's
nicknamed
nicknames
nicknaming
nicks
nicotine
nicotine's
niece
niece's
nieces
niftier
niftiest
nifty
niggard
niggard's
niggardliness
niggardliness's
niggardly
niggards
nigger
nigger's
niggers
niggle
niggle's
niggled
niggles
niggling
nigh
nigher
nighest
night
night's
nightcap
nightcap's
nightcaps
nightclothes
nightclothes's
nightclub
nightclub's
nightclubbed
nightclubbing
nightclubs
nightfall
nightfall's
nightgown
nightgown's
nightgowns
nighthawk
nighthawk's
nighthawks
nightie
nightie's
nighties
nightingale
nightingale's
nightingales
nightlife
nightlife's
nightly
nightmare
nightmare's
nightmares
nightmarish
nights
nightshade
nightshade's
nightshades
nightshirt
nightshirt's
nightshirts
nightstick
nightstick's
nightsticks
nighttime
nighttime's
nighty
nighty's
nihilism
nihilism's
nihilist
nihilist's
nihilistic
nihilists
nil
nil's
nimbi
nimble
nimbleness
nimbleness's
nimbler
nimblest
nimbly
nimbus
nimbus's
nimbuses
nincompoop
nincompoop's
nincompoops
nine
nine's
ninepin
ninepin's
ninepins
ninepins's
nines
nineteen
nineteen's
nineteens
nineteenth
nineteenth's
nineteenths
nineties
ninetieth
ninetieth's
ninetieths
ninety
ninety's
ninja
ninja's
ninjas
ninnies
ninny
ninny's
ninth
ninth's
ninths
nip
nip's
nipped
nipper
nipper's
nippers
nippier
nippiest
nipping
nipple
nipple's
nipples
nippy
nips
nirvana
nirvana's
nit
nit's
nite
nite's
niter
niter's
nites
nitpick
nitpicked
nitpicker
nitpicker's
nitpickers
nitpicking
nitpicks
nitrate
nitrate's
nitrated
nitrates
nitrating
nitrogen
nitrogen's
nitrogenous
nitroglycerin
nitroglycerin's
nitroglycerine
nitroglycerine's
nits
nitwit
nitwit's
nitwits
nix
nix's
nixed
nixes
nixing
no
no's
nobility
nobility's
noble
noble's
nobleman
nobleman's
noblemen
nobleness
nobleness's
nobler
nobles
noblest
noblewoman
noblewoman's
noblewomen
nobly
nobodies
nobody
nobody's
nocturnal
nocturnally
nocturne
nocturne's
nocturnes
nod
nod's
nodal
nodded
nodding
noddy
node
node's
nodes
nods
nodular
nodule
nodule's
nodules
noel
noel's
noels
noes
noggin
noggin's
noggins
noise
noise's
noised
noiseless
noiselessly
noiselessness
noiselessness's
noisemaker
noisemaker's
noisemakers
noises
noisier
noisiest
noisily
noisiness
noisiness's
noising
noisome
noisy
nomad
nomad's
nomadic
nomads
nomenclature
nomenclature's
nomenclatures
nominal
nominally
nominate
nominated
nominates
nominating
nomination
nomination's
nominations
nominative
nominative's
nominatives
nominee
nominee's
nominees
non
nonabrasive
nonabsorbent
nonabsorbent's
nonabsorbents
nonagenarian
nonagenarian's
nonagenarians
nonalcoholic
nonaligned
nonbeliever
nonbeliever's
nonbelievers
nonbreakable
nonce
nonce's
nonchalance
nonchalance's
nonchalant
nonchalantly
noncom
noncom's
noncombatant
noncombatant's
noncombatants
noncommercial
noncommercial's
noncommercials
noncommittal
noncommittally
noncompetitive
noncompliance
noncompliance's
noncoms
nonconductor
nonconductor's
nonconductors
nonconformist
nonconformist's
nonconformists
nonconformity
nonconformity's
noncontagious
noncooperation
noncooperation's
nondairy
nondeductible
nondeductible's
nondenominational
nondescript
nondrinker
nondrinker's
nondrinkers
none
nonempty
nonentities
nonentity
nonentity's
nonessential
nonesuch
nonesuch's
nonesuches
nonetheless
nonevent
nonevent's
nonevents
nonexempt
nonexempt's
nonexistence
nonexistence's
nonexistent
nonfat
nonfatal
nonfiction
nonfiction's
nonflammable
nongovernmental
nonhazardous
nonhuman
nonindustrial
noninterference
noninterference's
nonintervention
nonintervention's
nonjudgmental
nonliving
nonliving's
nonmalignant
nonmember
nonmember's
nonmembers
nonnegotiable
nonobjective
nonpareil
nonpareil's
nonpareils
nonpartisan
nonpartisan's
nonpartisans
nonpayment
nonpayment's
nonpayments
nonphysical
nonplus
nonplused
nonpluses
nonplusing
nonplussed
nonplusses
nonplussing
nonpoisonous
nonpolitical
nonpolluting
nonprescription
nonproductive
nonprofessional
nonprofessional's
nonprofessionals
nonprofit
nonprofit's
nonprofits
nonproliferation
nonproliferation's
nonrefillable
nonrefundable
nonrenewable
nonrepresentational
nonresident
nonresident's
nonresidents
nonrestrictive
nonreturnable
nonreturnable's
nonreturnables
nonrigid
nonscheduled
nonseasonal
nonsectarian
nonsense
nonsense's
nonsensical
nonsensically
nonsexist
nonskid
nonsmoker
nonsmoker's
nonsmokers
nonsmoking
nonstandard
nonstick
nonstop
nonsupport
nonsupport's
nontaxable
nontechnical
nontoxic
nontransferable
nontrivial
nonunion
nonuser
nonuser's
nonusers
nonverbal
nonviolence
nonviolence's
nonviolent
nonvoting
nonwhite
nonwhite's
nonwhites
nonzero
noodle
noodle's
noodled
noodles
noodling
nook
nook's
nooks
noon
noon's
noonday
noonday's
noontime
noontime's
noose
noose's
nooses
nope
nor
norm
norm's
normal
normal's
normalcy
normalcy's
normality
normality's
normalization
normalization's
normalize
normalized
normalizes
normalizing
normally
normative
norms
north
north's
northbound
northeast
northeast's
northeaster
northeaster's
northeasterly
northeastern
northeasters
northeastward
northerlies
northerly
northerly's
northern
northerner
northerner's
northerners
northernmost
northward
northwards
northwest
northwest's
northwesterly
northwestern
northwestward
nose
nose's
nosebleed
nosebleed's
nosebleeds
nosed
nosedive
nosedive's
nosedived
nosedives
nosediving
nosedove
nosegay
nosegay's
nosegays
noses
nosey
nosh
nosh's
noshed
noshes
noshing
nosier
nosiest
nosiness
nosiness's
nosing
nostalgia
nostalgia's
nostalgic
nostalgically
nostril
nostril's
nostrils
nostrum
nostrum's
nostrums
nosy
not
notable
notable's
notables
notably
notaries
notarize
notarized
notarizes
notarizing
notary
notary's
notation
notation's
notations
notch
notch's
notched
notches
notching
note
note's
notebook
notebook's
notebooks
noted
notepad
notepaper
notes
noteworthy
nothing
nothing's
nothingness
nothingness's
nothings
notice
notice's
noticeable
noticeably
noticeboard
noticeboards
noticed
notices
noticing
notification
notification's
notifications
notified
notifies
notify
notifying
noting
notion
notion's
notional
notionally
notions
notoriety
notoriety's
notorious
notoriously
notwithstanding
nougat
nougat's
nougats
nought
nought's
noughts
noun
noun's
nouns
nourish
nourished
nourishes
nourishing
nourishment
nourishment's
nous
nova
nova's
novae
novas
novel
novel's
novelette
novelette's
novelettes
novelist
novelist's
novelists
novella
novella's
novellas
novelle
novels
novelties
novelty
novelty's
novice
novice's
novices
novitiate
novitiate's
novitiates
now
now's
nowadays
nowadays's
noway
nowhere
nowhere's
nowise
noxious
nozzle
nozzle's
nozzles
nth
nu
nuance
nuance's
nuanced
nuances
nub
nub's
nubile
nubs
nuclear
nuclei
nucleic
nucleus
nucleus's
nucleuses
nude
nude's
nuder
nudes
nudest
nudge
nudge's
nudged
nudges
nudging
nudism
nudism's
nudist
nudist's
nudists
nudity
nudity's
nugget
nugget's
nuggets
nuisance
nuisance's
nuisances
nuke
nuke's
nuked
nukes
nuking
null
nullification
nullification's
nullified
nullifies
nullify
nullifying
nullity
nullity's
nulls
numb
numbed
number
number's
numbered
numbering
numberless
numbers
numbest
numbing
numbly
numbness
numbness's
numbs
numbskull
numbskull's
numbskulls
numeracy
numeral
numeral's
numerals
numerate
numerated
numerates
numerating
numeration
numeration's
numerations
numerator
numerator's
numerators
numeric
numerical
numerically
numerology
numerology's
numerous
numismatic
numismatics
numismatics's
numismatist
numismatist's
numismatists
numskull
numskull's
numskulls
nun
nun's
nuncio
nuncio's
nuncios
nunneries
nunnery
nunnery's
nuns
nuptial
nuptial's
nuptials
nurse
nurse's
nursed
nursemaid
nursemaid's
nursemaids
nurseries
nursery
nursery's
nurseryman
nurseryman's
nurserymen
nurses
nursing
nursing's
nurture
nurture's
nurtured
nurtures
nurturing
nut
nut's
nutcracker
nutcracker's
nutcrackers
nuthatch
nuthatch's
nuthatches
nutmeat
nutmeat's
nutmeats
nutmeg
nutmeg's
nutmegs
nutria
nutria's
nutrias
nutrient
nutrient's
nutrients
nutriment
nutriment's
nutriments
nutrition
nutrition's
nutritional
nutritionally
nutritionist
nutritionist's
nutritionists
nutritious
nutritive
nuts
nutshell
nutshell's
nutshells
nutted
nuttier
nuttiest
nuttiness
nuttiness's
nutting
nutty
nuzzle
nuzzle's
nuzzled
nuzzles
nuzzling
nylon
nylon's
nylons
nylons's
nymph
nymph's
nymphomania
nymphomania's
nymphomaniac
nymphomaniac's
nymphomaniacs
nymphs
née
o
o'clock
o'er
oaf
oaf's
oafish
oafs
oak
oak's
oaken
oaks
oakum
oakum's
oar
oar's
oared
oaring
oarlock
oarlock's
oarlocks
oars
oarsman
oarsman's
oarsmen
oases
oasis
oasis's
oat
oat's
oaten
oath
oath's
oaths
oatmeal
oatmeal's
oats
oats's
obduracy
obduracy's
obdurate
obdurately
obedience
obedience's
obedient
obediently
obeisance
obeisance's
obeisances
obeisant
obelisk
obelisk's
obelisks
obese
obesity
obesity's
obey
obeyed
obeying
obeys
obfuscate
obfuscated
obfuscates
obfuscating
obfuscation
obfuscation's
obit
obit's
obits
obituaries
obituary
obituary's
object
object's
objected
objecting
objection
objection's
objectionable
objectionably
objections
objective
objective's
objectively
objectiveness
objectiveness's
objectives
objectivity
objectivity's
objector
objector's
objectors
objects
oblate
oblation
oblation's
oblations
obligate
obligated
obligates
obligating
obligation
obligation's
obligations
obligatory
oblige
obliged
obliges
obliging
obligingly
oblique
oblique's
obliquely
obliqueness
obliqueness's
obliques
obliterate
obliterated
obliterates
obliterating
obliteration
obliteration's
oblivion
oblivion's
oblivious
obliviously
obliviousness
obliviousness's
oblong
oblong's
oblongs
obloquy
obloquy's
obnoxious
obnoxiously
oboe
oboe's
oboes
oboist
oboist's
oboists
obscene
obscenely
obscener
obscenest
obscenities
obscenity
obscenity's
obscure
obscured
obscurely
obscurer
obscures
obscurest
obscuring
obscurities
obscurity
obscurity's
obsequies
obsequious
obsequiously
obsequiousness
obsequiousness's
obsequy
obsequy's
observable
observably
observance
observance's
observances
observant
observantly
observation
observation's
observational
observations
observatories
observatory
observatory's
observe
observed
observer
observer's
observers
observes
observing
obsess
obsessed
obsesses
obsessing
obsession
obsession's
obsessions
obsessive
obsessive's
obsessively
obsessives
obsidian
obsidian's
obsolescence
obsolescence's
obsolescent
obsolete
obsoleted
obsoletes
obsoleting
obstacle
obstacle's
obstacles
obstetric
obstetrical
obstetrician
obstetrician's
obstetricians
obstetrics
obstetrics's
obstinacy
obstinacy's
obstinate
obstinately
obstreperous
obstruct
obstructed
obstructing
obstruction
obstruction's
obstructionist
obstructionist's
obstructionists
obstructions
obstructive
obstructively
obstructiveness
obstructiveness's
obstructs
obtain
obtainable
obtained
obtaining
obtains
obtrude
obtruded
obtrudes
obtruding
obtrusive
obtrusively
obtrusiveness
obtrusiveness's
obtuse
obtusely
obtuseness
obtuseness's
obtuser
obtusest
obverse
obverse's
obverses
obviate
obviated
obviates
obviating
obvious
obviously
obviousness
obviousness's
ocarina
ocarina's
ocarinas
occasion
occasion's
occasional
occasionally
occasioned
occasioning
occasions
occidental
occidental's
occidentals
occlude
occluded
occludes
occluding
occlusion
occlusion's
occlusions
occult
occult's
occupancy
occupancy's
occupant
occupant's
occupants
occupation
occupation's
occupational
occupations
occupied
occupies
occupy
occupying
occur
occurred
occurrence
occurrence's
occurrences
occurring
occurs
ocean
ocean's
oceangoing
oceanic
oceanic's
oceanographer
oceanographer's
oceanographers
oceanographic
oceanography
oceanography's
oceans
ocelot
ocelot's
ocelots
ocher
ocher's
ochre
ochre's
octagon
octagon's
octagonal
octagons
octal
octane
octane's
octave
octave's
octaves
octet
octet's
octets
octette
octette's
octettes
octogenarian
octogenarian's
octogenarians
octopi
octopus
octopus's
octopuses
ocular
ocular's
oculars
oculist
oculist's
oculists
odd
oddball
oddball's
oddballs
odder
oddest
oddities
oddity
oddity's
oddly
oddness
oddness's
odds
odds's
ode
ode's
odes
odious
odiously
odium
odium's
odometer
odometer's
odometers
odor
odor's
odoriferous
odorless
odorous
odors
odyssey
odyssey's
odysseys
of
off
offal
offal's
offbeat
offbeat's
offbeats
offed
offend
offended
offender
offender's
offenders
offending
offends
offense
offense's
offenses
offensive
offensive's
offensively
offensiveness
offensiveness's
offensives
offer
offer's
offered
offering
offering's
offerings
offers
offertories
offertory
offertory's
offhand
offhandedly
office
office's
officeholder
officeholder's
officeholders
officer
officer's
officers
offices
official
official's
officialdom
officialdom's
officially
officials
officiate
officiated
officiates
officiating
officious
officiously
officiousness
officiousness's
offing
offing's
offings
offload
offs
offset
offset's
offsets
offsetting
offshoot
offshoot's
offshoots
offshore
offside
offspring
offspring's
offsprings
offstage
offstages
oft
often
oftener
oftenest
oftentimes
ogle
ogle's
ogled
ogles
ogling
ogre
ogre's
ogres
oh
oh's
ohm
ohm's
ohms
oho
ohs
oil
oil's
oilcloth
oilcloth's
oilcloths
oiled
oilfield
oilfields
oilier
oiliest
oiliness
oiliness's
oiling
oils
oilskin
oilskin's
oily
oink
oink's
oinked
oinking
oinks
ointment
ointment's
ointments
okay
okay's
okayed
okaying
okays
okra
okra's
okras
old
old's
olden
older
oldest
oldie
oldie's
oldies
oleaginous
oleander
oleander's
oleanders
oleo
oleo's
oleomargarine
oleomargarine's
olfactories
olfactory
olfactory's
oligarch
oligarch's
oligarchic
oligarchies
oligarchs
oligarchy
oligarchy's
olive
olive's
olives
ombudsman
ombudsman's
ombudsmen
omega
omega's
omegas
omelet
omelet's
omelets
omelette
omelette's
omelettes
omen
omen's
omens
ominous
ominously
omission
omission's
omissions
omit
omits
omitted
omitting
omnibus
omnibus's
omnibuses
omnibusses
omnipotence
omnipotence's
omnipotent
omnipresence
omnipresence's
omnipresent
omniscience
omniscience's
omniscient
omnivore
omnivore's
omnivores
omnivorous
on
once
once's
oncology
oncology's
oncoming
one
one's
oneness
oneness's
onerous
ones
oneself
onetime
ongoing
onion
onion's
onions
onionskin
onionskin's
online
onlooker
onlooker's
onlookers
only
onomatopoeia
onomatopoeia's
onomatopoeic
onrush
onrush's
onrushes
onrushing
onset
onset's
onsets
onshore
onslaught
onslaught's
onslaughts
onto
onus
onus's
onuses
onward
onwards
onyx
onyx's
onyxes
oodles
oodles's
oops
ooze
ooze's
oozed
oozes
oozing
opacity
opacity's
opal
opal's
opalescence
opalescence's
opalescent
opals
opaque
opaqued
opaquely
opaqueness
opaqueness's
opaquer
opaques
opaquest
opaquing
open
open's
opened
opener
opener's
openers
openest
openhanded
opening
opening's
openings
openly
openness
openness's
opens
openwork
openwork's
opera
opera's
operable
operand
operands
operas
operate
operated
operates
operatic
operating
operation
operation's
operational
operationally
operations
operative
operative's
operatives
operator
operator's
operators
operetta
operetta's
operettas
ophthalmic
ophthalmologist
ophthalmologist's
ophthalmologists
ophthalmology
ophthalmology's
opiate
opiate's
opiates
opine
opined
opines
opining
opinion
opinion's
opinionated
opinions
opium
opium's
opossum
opossum's
opossums
opponent
opponent's
opponents
opportune
opportunism
opportunism's
opportunist
opportunist's
opportunistic
opportunists
opportunities
opportunity
opportunity's
oppose
opposed
opposes
opposing
opposite
opposite's
opposites
opposition
opposition's
oppress
oppressed
oppresses
oppressing
oppression
oppression's
oppressive
oppressively
oppressor
oppressor's
oppressors
opprobrious
opprobrium
opprobrium's
opt
opted
optic
optic's
optical
optically
optician
optician's
opticians
optics
optics's
optima
optimal
optimism
optimism's
optimist
optimist's
optimistic
optimistically
optimists
optimization
optimize
optimized
optimizer
optimizes
optimizing
optimum
optimum's
optimums
opting
option
option's
optional
optionally
optioned
optioning
options
optometrist
optometrist's
optometrists
optometry
optometry's
opts
opulence
opulence's
opulent
opus
opus's
opuses
or
oracle
oracle's
oracles
oracular
oral
oral's
orally
orals
orange
orange's
orangeade
orangeade's
orangeades
oranges
orangutan
orangutan's
orangutang
orangutang's
orangutangs
orangutans
orate
orated
orates
orating
oration
oration's
orations
orator
orator's
oratorical
oratories
oratorio
oratorio's
oratorios
orators
oratory
oratory's
orb
orb's
orbit
orbit's
orbital
orbital's
orbitals
orbited
orbiting
orbits
orbs
orchard
orchard's
orchards
orchestra
orchestra's
orchestral
orchestras
orchestrate
orchestrated
orchestrates
orchestrating
orchestration
orchestration's
orchestrations
orchid
orchid's
orchids
ordain
ordained
ordaining
ordains
ordeal
ordeal's
ordeals
order
order's
ordered
ordering
orderings
orderlies
orderliness
orderliness's
orderly
orderly's
orders
ordinal
ordinal's
ordinals
ordinance
ordinance's
ordinances
ordinaries
ordinarily
ordinariness
ordinariness's
ordinary
ordinary's
ordination
ordination's
ordinations
ordnance
ordnance's
ordure
ordure's
ore
ore's
oregano
oregano's
ores
organ
organ's
organdie
organdie's
organdy
organdy's
organelle
organelle's
organelles
organic
organic's
organically
organics
organism
organism's
organisms
organist
organist's
organists
organization
organization's
organizational
organizations
organize
organized
organizer
organizer's
organizers
organizes
organizing
organs
orgasm
orgasm's
orgasmic
orgasms
orgiastic
orgies
orgy
orgy's
orient
orient's
oriental
oriental's
orientals
orientate
orientated
orientates
orientating
orientation
orientation's
orientations
oriented
orienting
orients
orifice
orifice's
orifices
origami
origami's
origin
origin's
original
original's
originality
originality's
originally
originals
originate
originated
originates
originating
origination
origination's
originator
originator's
originators
origins
oriole
oriole's
orioles
ormolu
ormolu's
ornament
ornament's
ornamental
ornamentation
ornamentation's
ornamented
ornamenting
ornaments
ornate
ornately
ornateness
ornateness's
ornerier
orneriest
ornery
ornithologist
ornithologist's
ornithologists
ornithology
ornithology's
orotund
orphan
orphan's
orphanage
orphanage's
orphanages
orphaned
orphaning
orphans
orthodontia
orthodontia's
orthodontic
orthodontics
orthodontics's
orthodontist
orthodontist's
orthodontists
orthodox
orthodoxies
orthodoxy
orthodoxy's
orthogonal
orthogonality
orthographic
orthographies
orthography
orthography's
orthopaedic
orthopaedics
orthopaedics's
orthopaedist
orthopaedist's
orthopaedists
orthopedic
orthopedics
orthopedics's
orthopedist
orthopedist's
orthopedists
oscillate
oscillated
oscillates
oscillating
oscillation
oscillation's
oscillations
oscillator
oscillator's
oscillators
oscilloscope
oscilloscope's
oscilloscopes
osier
osier's
osiers
osmosis
osmosis's
osmotic
osprey
osprey's
ospreys
ossification
ossification's
ossified
ossifies
ossify
ossifying
ostensible
ostensibly
ostentation
ostentation's
ostentatious
ostentatiously
osteopath
osteopath's
osteopaths
osteopathy
osteopathy's
osteoporosis
osteoporosis's
ostracism
ostracism's
ostracize
ostracized
ostracizes
ostracizing
ostrich
ostrich's
ostriches
other
others
otherwise
otherworldly
otiose
otter
otter's
otters
ottoman
ottoman's
ottomans
ouch
ought
ounce
ounce's
ounces
our
ours
ourselves
oust
ousted
ouster
ouster's
ousters
ousting
ousts
out
out's
outage
outage's
outages
outback
outback's
outbacks
outbalance
outbalanced
outbalances
outbalancing
outbid
outbidding
outbids
outbound
outbreak
outbreak's
outbreaks
outbuilding
outbuilding's
outbuildings
outburst
outburst's
outbursts
outcast
outcast's
outcasts
outclass
outclassed
outclasses
outclassing
outcome
outcome's
outcomes
outcries
outcrop
outcrop's
outcropped
outcropping
outcropping's
outcroppings
outcrops
outcry
outcry's
outdated
outdid
outdistance
outdistanced
outdistances
outdistancing
outdo
outdoes
outdoing
outdone
outdoor
outdoors
outdoors's
outed
outer
outermost
outfield
outfield's
outfielder
outfielder's
outfielders
outfields
outfit
outfit's
outfits
outfitted
outfitter
outfitter's
outfitters
outfitting
outflank
outflanked
outflanking
outflanks
outfox
outfoxed
outfoxes
outfoxing
outgo
outgo's
outgoes
outgoing
outgrew
outgrow
outgrowing
outgrown
outgrows
outgrowth
outgrowth's
outgrowths
outhouse
outhouse's
outhouses
outing
outing's
outings
outlaid
outlandish
outlandishly
outlast
outlasted
outlasting
outlasts
outlaw
outlaw's
outlawed
outlawing
outlaws
outlay
outlay's
outlaying
outlays
outlet
outlet's
outlets
outline
outline's
outlined
outlines
outlining
outlive
outlived
outlives
outliving
outlook
outlook's
outlooks
outlying
outmaneuver
outmaneuvered
outmaneuvering
outmaneuvers
outmanoeuvre
outmanoeuvred
outmanoeuvres
outmanoeuvring
outmoded
outnumber
outnumbered
outnumbering
outnumbers
outpatient
outpatient's
outpatients
outperform
outperformed
outperforming
outperforms
outplacement
outplacement's
outplay
outplayed
outplaying
outplays
outpost
outpost's
outposts
outpouring
outpouring's
outpourings
output
output's
outputs
outputted
outputting
outrage
outrage's
outraged
outrageous
outrageously
outrages
outraging
outran
outrank
outranked
outranking
outranks
outreach
outreach's
outreached
outreaches
outreaching
outrider
outrider's
outriders
outrigger
outrigger's
outriggers
outright
outrun
outrunning
outruns
outré
outs
outsell
outselling
outsells
outset
outset's
outsets
outshine
outshined
outshines
outshining
outshone
outside
outside's
outsider
outsider's
outsiders
outsides
outsize
outsize's
outsized
outsizes
outskirt
outskirt's
outskirts
outsmart
outsmarted
outsmarting
outsmarts
outsold
outsource
outsourced
outsources
outsourcing
outsourcing's
outspoken
outspokenly
outspokenness
outspokenness's
outspread
outspreading
outspreads
outstanding
outstandingly
outstation
outstation's
outstations
outstay
outstayed
outstaying
outstays
outstretch
outstretched
outstretches
outstretching
outstrip
outstripped
outstripping
outstrips
outstript
outtake
outtake's
outtakes
outvote
outvoted
outvotes
outvoting
outward
outwardly
outwards
outwear
outwearing
outwears
outweigh
outweighed
outweighing
outweighs
outwit
outwits
outwitted
outwitting
outwore
outworn
ova
oval
oval's
ovals
ovarian
ovaries
ovary
ovary's
ovation
ovation's
ovations
oven
oven's
ovens
over
over's
overabundance
overabundance's
overabundant
overachieve
overachieved
overachiever
overachiever's
overachievers
overachieves
overachieving
overact
overacted
overacting
overactive
overacts
overage
overage's
overages
overall
overall's
overalls
overalls's
overambitious
overanxious
overate
overawe
overawed
overawes
overawing
overbalance
overbalance's
overbalanced
overbalances
overbalancing
overbear
overbearing
overbears
overbite
overbite's
overbites
overblown
overboard
overbook
overbooked
overbooking
overbooks
overbore
overborne
overburden
overburdened
overburdening
overburdens
overcame
overcast
overcast's
overcasting
overcasts
overcautious
overcharge
overcharge's
overcharged
overcharges
overcharging
overcoat
overcoat's
overcoats
overcome
overcomes
overcoming
overcompensate
overcompensated
overcompensates
overcompensating
overcompensation
overcompensation's
overconfident
overcook
overcooked
overcooking
overcooks
overcrowd
overcrowded
overcrowding
overcrowds
overdid
overdo
overdoes
overdoing
overdone
overdose
overdose's
overdosed
overdoses
overdosing
overdraft
overdraft's
overdrafts
overdraw
overdrawing
overdrawn
overdraws
overdress
overdress's
overdressed
overdresses
overdressing
overdrew
overdrive
overdrive's
overdue
overeager
overeat
overeaten
overeating
overeats
overemphasize
overemphasized
overemphasizes
overemphasizing
overenthusiastic
overestimate
overestimate's
overestimated
overestimates
overestimating
overexpose
overexposed
overexposes
overexposing
overexposure
overexposure's
overextend
overextended
overextending
overextends
overflow
overflow's
overflowed
overflowing
overflows
overfull
overgenerous
overgrew
overgrow
overgrowing
overgrown
overgrows
overgrowth
overgrowth's
overhand
overhand's
overhands
overhang
overhang's
overhanging
overhangs
overhaul
overhaul's
overhauled
overhauling
overhauls
overhead
overhead's
overheads
overhear
overheard
overhearing
overhears
overheat
overheated
overheating
overheats
overhung
overindulge
overindulged
overindulgence
overindulgence's
overindulges
overindulging
overjoy
overjoyed
overjoying
overjoys
overkill
overkill's
overlaid
overlain
overland
overlap
overlap's
overlapped
overlapping
overlaps
overlay
overlay's
overlaying
overlays
overlie
overlies
overload
overload's
overloaded
overloading
overloads
overlong
overlook
overlook's
overlooked
overlooking
overlooks
overlord
overlord's
overlords
overly
overlying
overmuch
overmuches
overnight
overnight's
overnights
overpaid
overpass
overpass's
overpasses
overpay
overpaying
overpays
overplay
overplayed
overplaying
overplays
overpopulate
overpopulated
overpopulates
overpopulating
overpopulation
overpopulation's
overpower
overpowered
overpowering
overpowers
overprice
overpriced
overprices
overpricing
overprint
overprinted
overprinting
overprints
overproduce
overproduced
overproduces
overproducing
overproduction
overproduction's
overprotective
overqualified
overran
overrate
overrated
overrates
overrating
overreach
overreached
overreaches
overreaching
overreact
overreacted
overreacting
overreaction
overreaction's
overreactions
overreacts
overridden
override
override's
overrides
overriding
overripe
overripe's
overrode
overrule
overruled
overrules
overruling
overrun
overrun's
overrunning
overruns
overs
oversampling
oversaw
overseas
oversee
overseeing
overseen
overseer
overseer's
overseers
oversees
oversell
overselling
oversells
oversensitive
oversexed
overshadow
overshadowed
overshadowing
overshadows
overshoe
overshoe's
overshoes
overshoot
overshooting
overshoots
overshot
oversight
oversight's
oversights
oversimplification
oversimplification's
oversimplifications
oversimplified
oversimplifies
oversimplify
oversimplifying
oversize
oversized
oversleep
oversleeping
oversleeps
overslept
oversold
overspecialize
overspecialized
overspecializes
overspecializing
overspend
overspending
overspends
overspent
overspill
overspread
overspreading
overspreads
overstate
overstated
overstatement
overstatement's
overstatements
overstates
overstating
overstay
overstayed
overstaying
overstays
overstep
overstepped
overstepping
oversteps
overstock
overstocked
overstocking
overstocks
overstuffed
oversupplied
oversupplies
oversupply
oversupplying
overt
overtake
overtaken
overtakes
overtaking
overtax
overtaxed
overtaxes
overtaxing
overthrew
overthrow
overthrow's
overthrowing
overthrown
overthrows
overtime
overtime's
overtimes
overtly
overtone
overtone's
overtones
overtook
overture
overture's
overtures
overturn
overturned
overturning
overturns
overuse
overuse's
overused
overuses
overusing
overview
overview's
overviews
overweening
overweight
overweight's
overwhelm
overwhelmed
overwhelming
overwhelmingly
overwhelms
overwork
overwork's
overworked
overworking
overworks
overwrite
overwrites
overwriting
overwritten
overwrought
overzealous
oviduct
oviduct's
oviducts
oviparous
ovoid
ovoid's
ovoids
ovulate
ovulated
ovulates
ovulating
ovulation
ovulation's
ovule
ovule's
ovules
ovum
ovum's
ow
owe
owed
owes
owing
owl
owl's
owlet
owlet's
owlets
owlish
owls
own
owned
owner
owner's
owners
ownership
ownership's
owning
owns
ox
ox's
oxbow
oxbow's
oxbows
oxen
oxford
oxford's
oxfords
oxidation
oxidation's
oxide
oxide's
oxides
oxidize
oxidized
oxidizer
oxidizer's
oxidizers
oxidizes
oxidizing
oxyacetylene
oxyacetylene's
oxygen
oxygen's
oxygenate
oxygenated
oxygenates
oxygenating
oxygenation
oxygenation's
oxymora
oxymoron
oxymoron's
oxymorons
oyster
oyster's
oysters
ozone
ozone's
p
pH
pa
pa's
pace
pace's
paced
pacemaker
pacemaker's
pacemakers
paces
pacesetter
pacesetter's
pacesetters
pachyderm
pachyderm's
pachyderms
pacific
pacifically
pacification
pacification's
pacified
pacifier
pacifier's
pacifiers
pacifies
pacifism
pacifism's
pacifist
pacifist's
pacifists
pacify
pacifying
pacing
pack
pack's
package
package's
packaged
packages
packaging
packaging's
packed
packer
packer's
packers
packet
packet's
packets
packing
packing's
packs
pact
pact's
pacts
pad
pad's
padded
paddies
padding
padding's
paddle
paddle's
paddled
paddles
paddling
paddock
paddock's
paddocked
paddocking
paddocks
paddy
paddy's
padlock
padlock's
padlocked
padlocking
padlocks
padre
padre's
padres
pads
paean
paean's
paeans
pagan
pagan's
paganism
paganism's
pagans
page
page's
pageant
pageant's
pageantry
pageantry's
pageants
paged
pager
pager's
pagers
pages
paginate
paginated
paginates
paginating
pagination
pagination's
paging
pagoda
pagoda's
pagodas
paid
pail
pail's
pailful
pailful's
pailfuls
pails
pailsful
pain
pain's
pained
painful
painfuller
painfullest
painfully
paining
painkiller
painkiller's
painkillers
painless
painlessly
pains
painstaking
painstaking's
painstakingly
paint
paint's
paintbrush
paintbrush's
paintbrushes
painted
painter
painter's
painters
painting
painting's
paintings
paints
paintwork
pair
pair's
paired
pairing
pairs
pairwise
paisley
paisley's
paisleys
pajamas
pajamas's
pal
pal's
palace
palace's
palaces
palatable
palatal
palatal's
palatals
palate
palate's
palates
palatial
palaver
palaver's
palavered
palavering
palavers
pale
pale's
paled
paleface
paleface's
palefaces
paleness
paleness's
paleontologist
paleontologist's
paleontologists
paleontology
paleontology's
paler
pales
palest
palette
palette's
palettes
palimony
palimony's
palimpsest
palimpsest's
palimpsests
palindrome
palindrome's
palindromes
palindromic
paling
paling's
palings
palisade
palisade's
palisades
pall
pall's
palladium
palladium's
pallbearer
pallbearer's
pallbearers
palled
pallet
pallet's
pallets
palliate
palliated
palliates
palliating
palliation
palliation's
palliative
palliative's
palliatives
pallid
palling
pallor
pallor's
palls
palm
palm's
palmed
palmetto
palmetto's
palmettoes
palmettos
palmier
palmiest
palming
palmist
palmist's
palmistry
palmistry's
palmists
palms
palmy
palomino
palomino's
palominos
palpable
palpably
palpate
palpated
palpates
palpating
palpation
palpation's
palpitate
palpitated
palpitates
palpitating
palpitation
palpitation's
palpitations
pals
palsied
palsies
palsy
palsy's
palsying
paltrier
paltriest
paltriness
paltriness's
paltry
pampas
pampas's
pamper
pampered
pampering
pampers
pamphlet
pamphlet's
pamphleteer
pamphleteer's
pamphleteers
pamphlets
pan
pan's
panacea
panacea's
panaceas
panache
panache's
pancake
pancake's
pancaked
pancakes
pancaking
panchromatic
pancreas
pancreas's
pancreases
pancreatic
panda
panda's
pandas
pandemic
pandemic's
pandemics
pandemonium
pandemonium's
pander
pander's
pandered
panderer
panderer's
panderers
pandering
panders
pane
pane's
panegyric
panegyric's
panegyrics
panel
panel's
paneled
paneling
paneling's
panelings
panelist
panelist's
panelists
panelled
panelling
panelling's
panellings
panels
panes
pang
pang's
pangs
panhandle
panhandle's
panhandled
panhandler
panhandler's
panhandlers
panhandles
panhandling
panic
panic's
panicked
panickier
panickiest
panicking
panicky
panics
panier
panier's
paniers
panned
pannier
pannier's
panniers
panning
panoplies
panoply
panoply's
panorama
panorama's
panoramas
panoramic
pans
pansies
pansy
pansy's
pant
pant's
pantaloons
pantaloons's
panted
pantheism
pantheism's
pantheist
pantheist's
pantheistic
pantheists
pantheon
pantheon's
pantheons
panther
panther's
panthers
pantie
pantie's
panties
panting
pantomime
pantomime's
pantomimed
pantomimes
pantomiming
pantries
pantry
pantry's
pants
pantsuit
pantsuit's
pantsuits
panty
panty's
pantyhose
pantyhose's
pap
pap's
papa
papa's
papacies
papacy
papacy's
papal
papas
papaw
papaw's
papaws
papaya
papaya's
papayas
paper
paper's
paperback
paperback's
paperbacks
paperboy
paperboy's
paperboys
papered
papergirl
papergirl's
papergirls
paperhanger
paperhanger's
paperhangers
papering
papers
paperweight
paperweight's
paperweights
paperwork
paperwork's
papery
papilla
papilla's
papillae
papoose
papoose's
papooses
paprika
paprika's
paps
papyri
papyrus
papyrus's
papyruses
par
par's
parable
parable's
parables
parabola
parabola's
parabolas
parabolic
parachute
parachute's
parachuted
parachutes
parachuting
parachutist
parachutist's
parachutists
parade
parade's
paraded
parades
paradigm
paradigm's
paradigmatic
paradigms
parading
paradise
paradise's
paradises
paradox
paradox's
paradoxes
paradoxical
paradoxically
paraffin
paraffin's
paragon
paragon's
paragons
paragraph
paragraph's
paragraphed
paragraphing
paragraphs
parakeet
parakeet's
parakeets
paralegal
paralegal's
paralegals
parallax
parallax's
parallaxes
parallel
parallel's
paralleled
paralleling
parallelism
parallelism's
parallelisms
parallelled
parallelling
parallelogram
parallelogram's
parallelograms
parallels
paralyses
paralysis
paralysis's
paralytic
paralytic's
paralytics
paralyze
paralyzed
paralyzes
paralyzing
paramecia
paramecium
paramecium's
parameciums
paramedic
paramedic's
paramedical
paramedical's
paramedicals
paramedics
parameter
parameter's
parameters
paramilitaries
paramilitary
paramilitary's
paramount
paramour
paramour's
paramours
paranoia
paranoia's
paranoid
paranoid's
paranoids
paranormal
parapet
parapet's
parapets
paraphernalia
paraphernalia's
paraphrase
paraphrase's
paraphrased
paraphrases
paraphrasing
paraplegia
paraplegia's
paraplegic
paraplegic's
paraplegics
paraprofessional
paraprofessional's
paraprofessionals
parapsychology
parapsychology's
parasite
parasite's
parasites
parasitic
parasol
parasol's
parasols
paratrooper
paratrooper's
paratroopers
paratroops
paratroops's
parboil
parboiled
parboiling
parboils
parcel
parcel's
parceled
parceling
parcelled
parcelling
parcels
parch
parched
parches
parching
parchment
parchment's
parchments
pardon
pardon's
pardonable
pardoned
pardoning
pardons
pare
pared
parent
parent's
parentage
parentage's
parental
parented
parentheses
parenthesis
parenthesis's
parenthesize
parenthesized
parenthesizes
parenthesizing
parenthetic
parenthetical
parenthetically
parenthood
parenthood's
parenting
parenting's
parents
pares
parfait
parfait's
parfaits
pariah
pariah's
pariahs
paring
paring's
parings
parish
parish's
parishes
parishioner
parishioner's
parishioners
parity
parity's
park
park's
parka
parka's
parkas
parked
parking
parking's
parks
parkway
parkway's
parkways
parlance
parlance's
parlay
parlay's
parlayed
parlaying
parlays
parley
parley's
parleyed
parleying
parleys
parliament
parliament's
parliamentarian
parliamentarian's
parliamentarians
parliamentary
parliaments
parlor
parlor's
parlors
parochial
parochialism
parochialism's
parodied
parodies
parody
parody's
parodying
parole
parole's
paroled
parolee
parolee's
parolees
paroles
paroling
paroxysm
paroxysm's
paroxysms
parquet
parquet's
parqueted
parqueting
parquetry
parquetry's
parquets
parrakeet
parrakeet's
parrakeets
parred
parricide
parricide's
parricides
parried
parries
parring
parrot
parrot's
parroted
parroting
parrots
parry
parry's
parrying
pars
parse
parsec
parsec's
parsecs
parsed
parser
parses
parsimonious
parsimony
parsimony's
parsing
parsley
parsley's
parsnip
parsnip's
parsnips
parson
parson's
parsonage
parsonage's
parsonages
parsons
part
part's
partake
partaken
partaker
partaker's
partakers
partakes
partaking
parted
parterre
parterre's
parterres
parthenogenesis
parthenogenesis's
partial
partial's
partiality
partiality's
partially
partials
participant
participant's
participants
participate
participated
participates
participating
participation
participation's
participator
participator's
participators
participatory
participial
participial's
participle
participle's
participles
particle
particle's
particles
particular
particular's
particularities
particularity
particularity's
particularization
particularization's
particularize
particularized
particularizes
particularizing
particularly
particulars
particulate
particulate's
particulates
partied
parties
parting
parting's
partings
partisan
partisan's
partisans
partisanship
partisanship's
partition
partition's
partitioned
partitioning
partitions
partizan
partizan's
partizans
partly
partner
partner's
partnered
partnering
partners
partnership
partnership's
partnerships
partook
partridge
partridge's
partridges
parts
parturition
parturition's
partway
party
party's
partying
parvenu
parvenu's
parvenus
pas
paschal
pasha
pasha's
pashas
pass
pass's
passable
passably
passage
passage's
passages
passageway
passageway's
passageways
passbook
passbook's
passbooks
passed
passel
passel's
passels
passenger
passenger's
passengers
passer
passerby
passerby's
passersby
passes
passing
passing's
passion
passion's
passionate
passionately
passionless
passions
passive
passive's
passively
passives
passivity
passivity's
passkey
passkey's
passkeys
passport
passport's
passports
password
password's
passwords
passé
past
past's
pasta
pasta's
pastas
paste
paste's
pasteboard
pasteboard's
pasted
pastel
pastel's
pastels
pastern
pastern's
pasterns
pastes
pasteurization
pasteurization's
pasteurize
pasteurized
pasteurizes
pasteurizing
pastiche
pastiche's
pastiches
pastier
pasties
pastiest
pastime
pastime's
pastimes
pasting
pastor
pastor's
pastoral
pastoral's
pastorals
pastorate
pastorate's
pastorates
pastors
pastrami
pastrami's
pastries
pastry
pastry's
pasts
pasturage
pasturage's
pasture
pasture's
pastured
pastures
pasturing
pasty
pasty's
pat
pat's
patch
patch's
patched
patches
patchier
patchiest
patchiness
patchiness's
patching
patchwork
patchwork's
patchworks
patchy
pate
pate's
patella
patella's
patellae
patellas
patent
patent's
patented
patenting
patently
patents
paternal
paternalism
paternalism's
paternalistic
paternally
paternity
paternity's
pates
path
path's
pathetic
pathetically
pathogen
pathogen's
pathogenic
pathogens
pathological
pathologically
pathologist
pathologist's
pathologists
pathology
pathology's
pathos
pathos's
paths
pathway
pathway's
pathways
patience
patience's
patient
patient's
patienter
patientest
patiently
patients
patina
patina's
patinae
patinas
patine
patio
patio's
patios
patois
patois's
patriarch
patriarch's
patriarchal
patriarchies
patriarchs
patriarchy
patriarchy's
patrician
patrician's
patricians
patricide
patricide's
patricides
patrimonial
patrimonies
patrimony
patrimony's
patriot
patriot's
patriotic
patriotically
patriotism
patriotism's
patriots
patrol
patrol's
patrolled
patrolling
patrolman
patrolman's
patrolmen
patrols
patrolwoman
patrolwoman's
patrolwomen
patron
patron's
patronage
patronage's
patronages
patronize
patronized
patronizes
patronizing
patronizingly
patrons
patronymic
patronymic's
patronymics
pats
patsies
patsy
patsy's
patted
patter
patter's
pattered
pattering
pattern
pattern's
patterned
patterning
patterns
patters
patties
patting
patty
patty's
paucity
paucity's
paunch
paunch's
paunches
paunchier
paunchiest
paunchy
pauper
pauper's
pauperism
pauperism's
pauperize
pauperized
pauperizes
pauperizing
paupers
pause
pause's
paused
pauses
pausing
pave
paved
pavement
pavement's
pavements
paves
pavilion
pavilion's
pavilions
paving
paving's
pavings
paw
paw's
pawed
pawing
pawl
pawl's
pawls
pawn
pawn's
pawnbroker
pawnbroker's
pawnbrokers
pawned
pawning
pawns
pawnshop
pawnshop's
pawnshops
pawpaw
pawpaw's
pawpaws
paws
pay
pay's
payable
paycheck
paycheck's
paychecks
payday
payday's
paydays
payed
payee
payee's
payees
payer
payer's
payers
paying
payload
payload's
payloads
paymaster
paymaster's
paymasters
payment
payment's
payments
payoff
payoff's
payoffs
payroll
payroll's
payrolls
pays
pea
pea's
peace
peace's
peaceable
peaceably
peaceful
peacefully
peacefulness
peacefulness's
peacekeeping
peacekeeping's
peacemaker
peacemaker's
peacemakers
peaces
peacetime
peacetime's
peach
peach's
peaches
peacock
peacock's
peacocks
peafowl
peafowl's
peafowls
peahen
peahen's
peahens
peak
peak's
peaked
peaking
peaks
peal
peal's
pealed
pealing
peals
peanut
peanut's
peanuts
pear
pear's
pearl
pearl's
pearled
pearlier
pearliest
pearling
pearls
pearly
pears
peas
peasant
peasant's
peasantry
peasantry's
peasants
pease
peat
peat's
pebble
pebble's
pebbled
pebbles
pebblier
pebbliest
pebbling
pebbly
pecan
pecan's
pecans
peccadillo
peccadillo's
peccadilloes
peccadillos
peccaries
peccary
peccary's
peck
peck's
pecked
pecking
pecks
pectin
pectin's
pectoral
pectoral's
pectorals
peculiar
peculiarities
peculiarity
peculiarity's
peculiarly
pecuniary
pedagog
pedagog's
pedagogic
pedagogical
pedagogs
pedagogue
pedagogue's
pedagogues
pedagogy
pedagogy's
pedal
pedal's
pedaled
pedaling
pedalled
pedalling
pedals
pedant
pedant's
pedantic
pedantically
pedantry
pedantry's
pedants
peddle
peddled
peddler
peddler's
peddlers
peddles
peddling
pederast
pederast's
pederasts
pederasty
pederasty's
pedestal
pedestal's
pedestals
pedestrian
pedestrian's
pedestrianize
pedestrianized
pedestrianizes
pedestrianizing
pedestrians
pediatric
pediatrician
pediatrician's
pediatricians
pediatrics
pediatrics's
pediatrist
pediatrist's
pediatrists
pedicure
pedicure's
pedicured
pedicures
pedicuring
pedigree
pedigree's
pedigreed
pedigrees
pediment
pediment's
pediments
pedlar
pedlar's
pedlars
pedometer
pedometer's
pedometers
pee
pee's
peed
peeing
peek
peek's
peekaboo
peekaboo's
peeked
peeking
peeks
peel
peel's
peeled
peeling
peeling's
peelings
peels
peep
peep's
peeped
peeper
peeper's
peepers
peephole
peephole's
peepholes
peeping
peeps
peer
peer's
peerage
peerage's
peerages
peered
peering
peerless
peers
pees
peeve
peeve's
peeved
peeves
peeving
peevish
peevishly
peevishness
peevishness's
peewee
peewee's
peewees
peg
peg's
pegged
pegging
pegs
pejorative
pejorative's
pejoratives
pekoe
pekoe's
pelagic
pelican
pelican's
pelicans
pellagra
pellagra's
pellet
pellet's
pelleted
pelleting
pellets
pellucid
pelt
pelt's
pelted
pelting
pelts
pelves
pelvic
pelvis
pelvis's
pelvises
pen
pen's
penal
penalize
penalized
penalizes
penalizing
penalties
penalty
penalty's
penance
penance's
penances
pence
penchant
penchant's
penchants
pencil
pencil's
penciled
penciling
pencilled
pencilling
pencils
pendant
pendant's
pendants
pended
pendent
pendent's
pendents
pending
pends
pendulous
pendulum
pendulum's
pendulums
penes
penetrable
penetrate
penetrated
penetrates
penetrating
penetration
penetration's
penetrations
penetrative
penguin
penguin's
penguins
penicillin
penicillin's
penile
peninsula
peninsula's
peninsular
peninsulas
penis
penis's
penises
penitence
penitence's
penitent
penitent's
penitential
penitentiaries
penitentiary
penitentiary's
penitently
penitents
penknife
penknife's
penknives
penlight
penlight's
penlights
penlite
penlite's
penlites
penmanship
penmanship's
pennant
pennant's
pennants
penned
pennies
penniless
penning
pennon
pennon's
pennons
penny
penny's
pennyweight
pennyweight's
pennyweights
penologist
penologist's
penologists
penology
penology's
pens
pension
pension's
pensioned
pensioner
pensioner's
pensioners
pensioning
pensions
pensive
pensively
pensiveness
pensiveness's
pent
pentagon
pentagon's
pentagonal
pentagons
pentameter
pentameter's
pentameters
pentathlon
pentathlon's
pentathlons
penthouse
penthouse's
penthouses
penultimate
penultimate's
penultimates
penurious
penury
penury's
peon
peon's
peonage
peonage's
peonies
peons
peony
peony's
people
people's
peopled
peoples
peopling
pep
pep's
pepped
pepper
pepper's
peppercorn
peppercorn's
peppercorns
peppered
peppering
peppermint
peppermint's
peppermints
pepperoni
pepperoni's
pepperonis
peppers
peppery
peppier
peppiest
pepping
peppy
peps
pepsin
pepsin's
peptic
peptic's
peptics
per
perambulate
perambulated
perambulates
perambulating
perambulator
perambulator's
perambulators
percale
percale's
percales
perceivable
perceive
perceived
perceives
perceiving
percent
percent's
percentage
percentage's
percentages
percentile
percentile's
percentiles
percents
perceptible
perceptibly
perception
perception's
perceptions
perceptive
perceptively
perceptiveness
perceptiveness's
perceptual
perch
perch's
perchance
perched
perches
perching
percolate
percolated
percolates
percolating
percolation
percolation's
percolator
percolator's
percolators
percussion
percussion's
percussionist
percussionist's
percussionists
perdition
perdition's
peregrination
peregrination's
peregrinations
peremptorily
peremptory
perennial
perennial's
perennially
perennials
perfect
perfect's
perfected
perfecter
perfectest
perfectible
perfecting
perfection
perfection's
perfectionism
perfectionism's
perfectionist
perfectionist's
perfectionists
perfections
perfectly
perfects
perfidies
perfidious
perfidy
perfidy's
perforate
perforated
perforates
perforating
perforation
perforation's
perforations
perforce
perform
performance
performance's
performances
performed
performer
performer's
performers
performing
performs
perfume
perfume's
perfumed
perfumeries
perfumery
perfumery's
perfumes
perfuming
perfunctorily
perfunctory
perhaps
pericardia
pericardium
pericardium's
pericardiums
perigee
perigee's
perigees
perihelia
perihelion
perihelion's
perihelions
peril
peril's
periled
periling
perilled
perilling
perilous
perilously
perils
perimeter
perimeter's
perimeters
period
period's
periodic
periodical
periodical's
periodically
periodicals
periodicity
periodontal
periods
peripatetic
peripatetic's
peripatetics
peripheral
peripheral's
peripherals
peripheries
periphery
periphery's
periphrases
periphrasis
periphrasis's
periscope
periscope's
periscopes
perish
perishable
perishable's
perishables
perished
perishes
perishing
peritonea
peritoneum
peritoneum's
peritoneums
peritonitis
peritonitis's
periwig
periwig's
periwigs
periwinkle
periwinkle's
periwinkles
perjure
perjured
perjurer
perjurer's
perjurers
perjures
perjuries
perjuring
perjury
perjury's
perk
perk's
perked
perkier
perkiest
perkiness
perkiness's
perking
perks
perky
perm
perm's
permafrost
permafrost's
permanence
permanence's
permanent
permanent's
permanently
permanents
permeability
permeability's
permeable
permeate
permeated
permeates
permeating
permed
perming
permissible
permissibly
permission
permission's
permissions
permissive
permissively
permissiveness
permissiveness's
permit
permit's
permits
permitted
permitting
perms
permutation
permutation's
permutations
permute
permuted
permutes
permuting
pernicious
perniciously
peroration
peroration's
perorations
peroxide
peroxide's
peroxided
peroxides
peroxiding
perpendicular
perpendicular's
perpendiculars
perpetrate
perpetrated
perpetrates
perpetrating
perpetration
perpetration's
perpetrator
perpetrator's
perpetrators
perpetual
perpetual's
perpetually
perpetuals
perpetuate
perpetuated
perpetuates
perpetuating
perpetuation
perpetuation's
perpetuity
perpetuity's
perplex
perplexed
perplexes
perplexing
perplexities
perplexity
perplexity's
perquisite
perquisite's
perquisites
persecute
persecuted
persecutes
persecuting
persecution
persecution's
persecutions
persecutor
persecutor's
persecutors
perseverance
perseverance's
persevere
persevered
perseveres
persevering
persiflage
persiflage's
persimmon
persimmon's
persimmons
persist
persisted
persistence
persistence's
persistent
persistently
persisting
persists
persnickety
person
person's
persona
persona's
personable
personae
personage
personage's
personages
personal
personal's
personalities
personality
personality's
personalize
personalized
personalizes
personalizing
personally
personals
personification
personification's
personifications
personified
personifies
personify
personifying
personnel
personnel's
persons
perspective
perspective's
perspectives
perspicacious
perspicacity
perspicacity's
perspicuity
perspicuity's
perspicuous
perspiration
perspiration's
perspire
perspired
perspires
perspiring
persuade
persuaded
persuades
persuading
persuasion
persuasion's
persuasions
persuasive
persuasively
persuasiveness
persuasiveness's
pert
pertain
pertained
pertaining
pertains
perter
pertest
pertinacious
pertinacity
pertinacity's
pertinence
pertinence's
pertinent
pertly
pertness
pertness's
perturb
perturbation
perturbation's
perturbations
perturbed
perturbing
perturbs
perusal
perusal's
perusals
peruse
perused
peruses
perusing
pervade
pervaded
pervades
pervading
pervasive
perverse
perversely
perverseness
perverseness's
perversion
perversion's
perversions
perversity
perversity's
pervert
pervert's
perverted
perverting
perverts
peseta
peseta's
pesetas
peskier
peskiest
pesky
peso
peso's
pesos
pessimism
pessimism's
pessimist
pessimist's
pessimistic
pessimistically
pessimists
pest
pest's
pester
pestered
pestering
pesters
pesticide
pesticide's
pesticides
pestilence
pestilence's
pestilences
pestilent
pestle
pestle's
pestled
pestles
pestling
pests
pet
pet's
petal
petal's
petals
petard
petard's
petards
peter
peter's
petered
petering
peters
petiole
petiole's
petioles
petite
petite's
petites
petition
petition's
petitioned
petitioner
petitioner's
petitioners
petitioning
petitions
petrel
petrel's
petrels
petrifaction
petrifaction's
petrified
petrifies
petrify
petrifying
petrochemical
petrochemical's
petrochemicals
petrol
petrol's
petrolatum
petrolatum's
petroleum
petroleum's
pets
petted
petticoat
petticoat's
petticoats
pettier
pettiest
pettifog
pettifogged
pettifogger
pettifogger's
pettifoggers
pettifogging
pettifogs
pettily
pettiness
pettiness's
petting
petty
petulance
petulance's
petulant
petulantly
petunia
petunia's
petunias
pew
pew's
pewee
pewee's
pewees
pews
pewter
pewter's
pewters
peyote
peyote's
phalanges
phalanx
phalanx's
phalanxes
phalli
phallic
phallus
phallus's
phalluses
phantasied
phantasies
phantasm
phantasm's
phantasmagoria
phantasmagoria's
phantasmagorias
phantasms
phantasy
phantasy's
phantasying
phantom
phantom's
phantoms
pharaoh
pharaoh's
pharaohs
pharmaceutical
pharmaceutical's
pharmaceuticals
pharmacies
pharmacist
pharmacist's
pharmacists
pharmacologist
pharmacologist's
pharmacologists
pharmacology
pharmacology's
pharmacopeia
pharmacopeia's
pharmacopeias
pharmacopoeia
pharmacopoeia's
pharmacopoeias
pharmacy
pharmacy's
pharyngeal
pharynges
pharynx
pharynx's
pharynxes
phase
phase's
phased
phases
phasing
pheasant
pheasant's
pheasants
phenobarbital
phenobarbital's
phenomena
phenomenal
phenomenally
phenomenon
phenomenon's
phenomenons
phenotype
pheromone
pheromone's
pheromones
phial
phial's
phials
philander
philandered
philanderer
philanderer's
philanderers
philandering
philanders
philanthropic
philanthropically
philanthropies
philanthropist
philanthropist's
philanthropists
philanthropy
philanthropy's
philatelic
philatelist
philatelist's
philatelists
philately
philately's
philharmonic
philharmonic's
philharmonics
philippic
philippic's
philippics
philistine
philistine's
philistines
philodendra
philodendron
philodendron's
philodendrons
philological
philologist
philologist's
philologists
philology
philology's
philosopher
philosopher's
philosophers
philosophic
philosophical
philosophically
philosophies
philosophize
philosophized
philosophizes
philosophizing
philosophy
philosophy's
philter
philter's
philters
phish
phished
phisher
phisher's
phishers
phishing
phlebitis
phlebitis's
phlegm
phlegm's
phlegmatic
phlegmatically
phloem
phloem's
phlox
phlox's
phloxes
phobia
phobia's
phobias
phobic
phobic's
phobics
phoebe
phoebe's
phoebes
phoenix
phoenix's
phoenixes
phone
phone's
phoned
phoneme
phoneme's
phonemes
phonemic
phones
phonetic
phonetically
phonetician
phonetician's
phoneticians
phonetics
phonetics's
phoney
phoney's
phoneyed
phoneying
phoneys
phonic
phonically
phonics
phonics's
phonied
phonier
phonies
phoniest
phoniness
phoniness's
phoning
phonograph
phonograph's
phonographs
phonological
phonologist
phonologist's
phonologists
phonology
phonology's
phony
phony's
phonying
phooey
phosphate
phosphate's
phosphates
phosphor
phosphor's
phosphorescence
phosphorescence's
phosphorescent
phosphoric
phosphors
phosphorus
phosphorus's
photo
photo's
photocopied
photocopier
photocopier's
photocopiers
photocopies
photocopy
photocopy's
photocopying
photoed
photoelectric
photogenic
photograph
photograph's
photographed
photographer
photographer's
photographers
photographic
photographically
photographing
photographs
photography
photography's
photoing
photojournalism
photojournalism's
photojournalist
photojournalist's
photojournalists
photon
photon's
photons
photos
photosensitive
photosynthesis
photosynthesis's
phototypesetter
phototypesetting
phrasal
phrase
phrase's
phrased
phraseology
phraseology's
phrases
phrasing
phrasing's
phrasings
phrenology
phrenology's
phyla
phylum
phylum's
physic
physic's
physical
physical's
physically
physicals
physician
physician's
physicians
physicist
physicist's
physicists
physicked
physicking
physics
physics's
physiognomies
physiognomy
physiognomy's
physiological
physiologist
physiologist's
physiologists
physiology
physiology's
physiotherapist
physiotherapist's
physiotherapists
physiotherapy
physiotherapy's
physique
physique's
physiques
pi
pi's
pianissimi
pianissimo
pianissimo's
pianissimos
pianist
pianist's
pianists
piano
piano's
pianoforte
pianoforte's
pianofortes
pianos
piazza
piazza's
piazzas
piazze
pica
pica's
picaresque
picayune
piccalilli
piccalilli's
piccolo
piccolo's
piccolos
pick
pick's
pickaback
pickaback's
pickabacked
pickabacking
pickabacks
pickax
pickax's
pickaxe
pickaxe's
pickaxed
pickaxes
pickaxing
picked
picker
picker's
pickerel
pickerel's
pickerels
pickers
picket
picket's
picketed
picketing
pickets
pickier
pickiest
picking
pickings
pickings's
pickle
pickle's
pickled
pickles
pickling
pickpocket
pickpocket's
pickpockets
picks
pickup
pickup's
pickups
picky
picnic
picnic's
picnicked
picnicker
picnicker's
picnickers
picnicking
picnics
pictograph
pictograph's
pictographs
pictorial
pictorial's
pictorially
pictorials
picture
picture's
pictured
pictures
picturesque
picturing
piddle
piddle's
piddled
piddles
piddling
pidgin
pidgin's
pidgins
pie
pie's
piebald
piebald's
piebalds
piece
piece's
pieced
piecemeal
pieces
piecework
piecework's
piecing
pied
pieing
pier
pier's
pierce
pierced
pierces
piercing
piercing's
piercingly
piercings
piers
pies
piety
piety's
piffle
piffle's
pig
pig's
pigeon
pigeon's
pigeonhole
pigeonhole's
pigeonholed
pigeonholes
pigeonholing
pigeons
pigged
piggier
piggies
piggiest
pigging
piggish
piggishness
piggishness's
piggy
piggy's
piggyback
piggyback's
piggybacked
piggybacking
piggybacks
pigheaded
piglet
piglet's
piglets
pigment
pigment's
pigmentation
pigmentation's
pigments
pigmies
pigmy
pigmy's
pigpen
pigpen's
pigpens
pigs
pigskin
pigskin's
pigskins
pigsties
pigsty
pigsty's
pigtail
pigtail's
pigtails
piing
pike
pike's
piked
piker
piker's
pikers
pikes
piking
pilaf
pilaf's
pilaff
pilaff's
pilaffs
pilafs
pilaster
pilaster's
pilasters
pilau
pilau's
pilaus
pilaw
pilaw's
pilaws
pilchard
pilchard's
pilchards
pile
pile's
piled
piles
pileup
pileup's
pileups
pilfer
pilfered
pilferer
pilferer's
pilferers
pilfering
pilfers
pilgrim
pilgrim's
pilgrimage
pilgrimage's
pilgrimages
pilgrims
piling
piling's
pilings
pill
pill's
pillage
pillage's
pillaged
pillages
pillaging
pillar
pillar's
pillars
pillbox
pillbox's
pillboxes
pilled
pilling
pillion
pillion's
pillions
pilloried
pillories
pillory
pillory's
pillorying
pillow
pillow's
pillowcase
pillowcase's
pillowcases
pillowed
pillowing
pillows
pills
pilot
pilot's
piloted
pilothouse
pilothouse's
pilothouses
piloting
pilots
pimento
pimento's
pimentos
pimiento
pimiento's
pimientos
pimp
pimp's
pimped
pimpernel
pimpernel's
pimpernels
pimping
pimple
pimple's
pimples
pimplier
pimpliest
pimply
pimps
pin
pin's
pinafore
pinafore's
pinafores
pinball
pinball's
pincer
pincer's
pincers
pinch
pinch's
pinched
pinches
pinching
pincushion
pincushion's
pincushions
pine
pine's
pineapple
pineapple's
pineapples
pined
pines
pinfeather
pinfeather's
pinfeathers
ping
ping's
pinged
pinging
pings
pinhead
pinhead's
pinheads
pinhole
pinhole's
pinholes
pining
pinion
pinion's
pinioned
pinioning
pinions
pink
pink's
pinked
pinker
pinkest
pinkeye
pinkeye's
pinkie
pinkie's
pinkies
pinking
pinkish
pinks
pinky
pinky's
pinnacle
pinnacle's
pinnacles
pinnate
pinned
pinning
pinochle
pinochle's
pinpoint
pinpoint's
pinpointed
pinpointing
pinpoints
pinprick
pinprick's
pinpricks
pins
pinstripe
pinstripe's
pinstriped
pinstripes
pint
pint's
pinto
pinto's
pintoes
pintos
pints
pinup
pinup's
pinups
pinwheel
pinwheel's
pinwheeled
pinwheeling
pinwheels
pioneer
pioneer's
pioneered
pioneering
pioneers
pious
piously
pip
pip's
pipe
pipe's
piped
pipeline
pipeline's
pipelines
piper
piper's
pipers
pipes
piping
piping's
pipit
pipit's
pipits
pipped
pippin
pippin's
pipping
pippins
pips
pipsqueak
pipsqueak's
pipsqueaks
piquancy
piquancy's
piquant
pique
pique's
piqued
piques
piquing
piracy
piracy's
piranha
piranha's
piranhas
pirate
pirate's
pirated
pirates
piratical
pirating
pirouette
pirouette's
pirouetted
pirouettes
pirouetting
pis
piscatorial
piss
piss's
pissed
pisses
pissing
pistachio
pistachio's
pistachios
pistil
pistil's
pistillate
pistils
pistol
pistol's
pistols
piston
piston's
pistons
pit
pit's
pita
pita's
pitch
pitch's
pitchblende
pitchblende's
pitched
pitcher
pitcher's
pitchers
pitches
pitchfork
pitchfork's
pitchforked
pitchforking
pitchforks
pitching
pitchman
pitchman's
pitchmen
piteous
piteously
pitfall
pitfall's
pitfalls
pith
pith's
pithier
pithiest
pithily
pithy
pitiable
pitiably
pitied
pities
pitiful
pitifully
pitiless
pitilessly
piton
piton's
pitons
pits
pittance
pittance's
pittances
pitted
pitting
pituitaries
pituitary
pituitary's
pity
pity's
pitying
pivot
pivot's
pivotal
pivoted
pivoting
pivots
pixel
pixel's
pixels
pixie
pixie's
pixies
pixy
pixy's
pizazz
pizazz's
pizza
pizza's
pizzas
pizzazz
pizzazz's
pizzeria
pizzeria's
pizzerias
pizzicati
pizzicato
pizzicato's
pizzicatos
pj's
placard
placard's
placarded
placarding
placards
placate
placated
placates
placating
placation
placation's
place
place's
placebo
placebo's
placebos
placed
placeholder
placement
placement's
placements
placenta
placenta's
placentae
placental
placentals
placentas
placer
placer's
placers
places
placid
placidity
placidity's
placidly
placing
placket
placket's
plackets
plagiarism
plagiarism's
plagiarisms
plagiarist
plagiarist's
plagiarists
plagiarize
plagiarized
plagiarizes
plagiarizing
plague
plague's
plagued
plagues
plaguing
plaice
plaid
plaid's
plaids
plain
plain's
plainclothes
plainclothesman
plainclothesman's
plainclothesmen
plainer
plainest
plainly
plainness
plainness's
plains
plaint
plaint's
plaintiff
plaintiff's
plaintiffs
plaintive
plaintively
plaints
plait
plait's
plaited
plaiting
plaits
plan
plan's
planar
plane
plane's
planed
planes
planet
planet's
planetaria
planetarium
planetarium's
planetariums
planetary
planets
plangent
planing
plank
plank's
planked
planking
planking's
planks
plankton
plankton's
planned
planner
planner's
planners
planning
plannings
plans
plant
plant's
plantain
plantain's
plantains
plantation
plantation's
plantations
planted
planter
planter's
planters
planting
planting's
plantings
plants
plaque
plaque's
plaques
plasma
plasma's
plaster
plaster's
plasterboard
plasterboard's
plastered
plasterer
plasterer's
plasterers
plastering
plasters
plastic
plastic's
plasticity
plasticity's
plastics
plate
plate's
plateau
plateau's
plateaued
plateauing
plateaus
plateaux
plated
plateful
plateful's
platefuls
platelet
platelet's
platelets
platen
platen's
platens
plates
platform
platform's
platformed
platforming
platforms
plating
plating's
platinum
platinum's
platitude
platitude's
platitudes
platitudinous
platonic
platoon
platoon's
platooned
platooning
platoons
platter
platter's
platters
platypi
platypus
platypus's
platypuses
plaudit
plaudit's
plaudits
plausibility
plausibility's
plausible
plausibly
play
play's
playable
playact
playacted
playacting
playacting's
playacts
playback
playback's
playbacks
playbill
playbill's
playbills
playboy
playboy's
playboys
played
player
player's
players
playful
playfully
playfulness
playfulness's
playgoer
playgoer's
playgoers
playground
playground's
playgrounds
playhouse
playhouse's
playhouses
playing
playmate
playmate's
playmates
playoff
playoff's
playoffs
playpen
playpen's
playpens
playroom
playroom's
playrooms
plays
plaything
plaything's
playthings
playwright
playwright's
playwrights
plaza
plaza's
plazas
plea
plea's
plead
pleaded
pleader
pleader's
pleaders
pleading
pleads
pleas
pleasant
pleasanter
pleasantest
pleasantly
pleasantness
pleasantness's
pleasantries
pleasantry
pleasantry's
please
pleased
pleases
pleasing
pleasingly
pleasings
pleasurable
pleasurably
pleasure
pleasure's
pleasured
pleasures
pleasuring
pleat
pleat's
pleated
pleating
pleats
plebeian
plebeian's
plebeians
plebiscite
plebiscite's
plebiscites
plectra
plectrum
plectrum's
plectrums
pled
pledge
pledge's
pledged
pledges
pledging
plenaries
plenary
plenary's
plenipotentiaries
plenipotentiary
plenipotentiary's
plenitude
plenitude's
plenitudes
plenteous
plentiful
plentifully
plenty
plenty's
plethora
plethora's
pleurisy
pleurisy's
plexus
plexus's
plexuses
pliability
pliability's
pliable
pliancy
pliancy's
pliant
plied
pliers
pliers's
plies
plight
plight's
plighted
plighting
plights
plinth
plinth's
plinths
plod
plodded
plodder
plodder's
plodders
plodding
ploddings
plods
plop
plop's
plopped
plopping
plops
plot
plot's
plots
plotted
plotter
plotter's
plotters
plotting
plough
plough's
ploughed
ploughing
ploughs
ploughshare
ploughshare's
ploughshares
plover
plover's
plovers
plow
plow's
plowed
plowing
plowman
plowman's
plowmen
plows
plowshare
plowshare's
plowshares
ploy
ploy's
ploys
pluck
pluck's
plucked
pluckier
pluckiest
pluckiness
pluckiness's
plucking
plucks
plucky
plug
plug's
plugged
plugging
plugin
plugin's
plugins
plugs
plum
plum's
plumage
plumage's
plumb
plumb's
plumbed
plumber
plumber's
plumbers
plumbing
plumbing's
plumbs
plume
plume's
plumed
plumes
pluming
plummer
plummest
plummet
plummet's
plummeted
plummeting
plummets
plump
plump's
plumped
plumper
plumpest
plumping
plumpness
plumpness's
plumps
plums
plunder
plunder's
plundered
plunderer
plunderer's
plunderers
plundering
plunders
plunge
plunge's
plunged
plunger
plunger's
plungers
plunges
plunging
plunk
plunk's
plunked
plunking
plunks
pluperfect
pluperfect's
pluperfects
plural
plural's
pluralism
pluralism's
pluralistic
pluralities
plurality
plurality's
pluralize
pluralized
pluralizes
pluralizing
plurals
plus
plus's
pluses
plush
plush's
plusher
plushest
plushier
plushiest
plushy
plusses
plutocracies
plutocracy
plutocracy's
plutocrat
plutocrat's
plutocratic
plutocrats
plutonium
plutonium's
ply
ply's
plying
plywood
plywood's
pneumatic
pneumatically
pneumonia
pneumonia's
poach
poached
poacher
poacher's
poachers
poaches
poaching
pock
pock's
pocked
pocket
pocket's
pocketbook
pocketbook's
pocketbooks
pocketed
pocketful
pocketful's
pocketfuls
pocketing
pocketknife
pocketknife's
pocketknives
pockets
pocking
pockmark
pockmark's
pockmarked
pockmarking
pockmarks
pocks
pod
pod's
podcast
podded
podding
podia
podiatrist
podiatrist's
podiatrists
podiatry
podiatry's
podium
podium's
podiums
pods
poem
poem's
poems
poesy
poesy's
poet
poet's
poetess
poetess's
poetesses
poetic
poetical
poetically
poetry
poetry's
poets
pogrom
pogrom's
pogroms
poi
poi's
poignancy
poignancy's
poignant
poignantly
poinsettia
poinsettia's
poinsettias
point
point's
pointed
pointedly
pointer
pointer's
pointers
pointier
pointiest
pointillism
pointillism's
pointillist
pointillist's
pointillists
pointing
pointless
pointlessly
pointlessness
pointlessness's
points
pointy
poise
poise's
poised
poises
poising
poison
poison's
poisoned
poisoner
poisoner's
poisoners
poisoning
poisoning's
poisonings
poisonous
poisonously
poisons
poke
poke's
poked
poker
poker's
pokers
pokes
pokey
pokey's
pokeys
pokier
pokiest
poking
poky
pol
pol's
polar
polarities
polarity
polarity's
polarization
polarization's
polarize
polarized
polarizes
polarizing
pole
pole's
polecat
polecat's
polecats
poled
polemic
polemic's
polemical
polemics
poles
polestar
polestar's
polestars
police
police's
policed
policeman
policeman's
policemen
polices
policewoman
policewoman's
policewomen
policies
policing
policy
policy's
policyholder
policyholder's
policyholders
poling
polio
polio's
poliomyelitis
poliomyelitis's
polios
polish
polish's
polished
polisher
polisher's
polishers
polishes
polishing
polite
politely
politeness
politeness's
politer
politesse
politesse's
politest
politic
political
politically
politician
politician's
politicians
politicize
politicized
politicizes
politicizing
politico
politico's
politicoes
politicos
politics
politics's
polities
polity
polity's
polka
polka's
polkaed
polkaing
polkas
poll
poll's
polled
pollen
pollen's
pollinate
pollinated
pollinates
pollinating
pollination
pollination's
polling
polliwog
polliwog's
polliwogs
polls
pollster
pollster's
pollsters
pollutant
pollutant's
pollutants
pollute
polluted
polluter
polluter's
polluters
pollutes
polluting
pollution
pollution's
pollywog
pollywog's
pollywogs
polo
polo's
polonaise
polonaise's
polonaises
polonium
polonium's
pols
poltergeist
poltergeist's
poltergeists
poltroon
poltroon's
poltroons
polyester
polyester's
polyesters
polyethylene
polyethylene's
polygamist
polygamist's
polygamists
polygamous
polygamy
polygamy's
polyglot
polyglot's
polyglots
polygon
polygon's
polygonal
polygons
polygraph
polygraph's
polygraphed
polygraphing
polygraphs
polyhedra
polyhedron
polyhedron's
polyhedrons
polymath
polymath's
polymaths
polymer
polymer's
polymeric
polymerization
polymerization's
polymers
polymorphic
polynomial
polynomial's
polynomials
polyp
polyp's
polyphonic
polyphony
polyphony's
polyps
polystyrene
polystyrene's
polysyllabic
polysyllable
polysyllable's
polysyllables
polytechnic
polytechnic's
polytechnics
polytheism
polytheism's
polytheist
polytheist's
polytheistic
polytheists
polythene
polyunsaturated
pomade
pomade's
pomaded
pomades
pomading
pomegranate
pomegranate's
pomegranates
pommel
pommel's
pommeled
pommeling
pommelled
pommelling
pommels
pomp
pomp's
pompadour
pompadour's
pompadoured
pompadours
pompom
pompom's
pompoms
pompon
pompon's
pompons
pomposity
pomposity's
pompous
pompously
pompousness
pompousness's
poncho
poncho's
ponchos
pond
pond's
ponder
pondered
pondering
ponderous
ponderously
ponders
ponds
pone
pone's
pones
poniard
poniard's
poniards
ponies
pontiff
pontiff's
pontiffs
pontifical
pontificate
pontificate's
pontificated
pontificates
pontificating
pontoon
pontoon's
pontoons
pony
pony's
ponytail
ponytail's
ponytails
pooch
pooch's
pooched
pooches
pooching
poodle
poodle's
poodles
pooh
pooh's
poohed
poohing
poohs
pool
pool's
pooled
pooling
pools
poop
poop's
pooped
pooping
poops
poor
poorer
poorest
poorhouse
poorhouse's
poorhouses
poorly
pop
pop's
popcorn
popcorn's
pope
pope's
popes
popgun
popgun's
popguns
popinjay
popinjay's
popinjays
poplar
poplar's
poplars
poplin
poplin's
popover
popover's
popovers
poppa
poppa's
poppas
popped
poppies
popping
poppy
poppy's
poppycock
poppycock's
pops
populace
populace's
populaces
popular
popularity
popularity's
popularization
popularization's
popularize
popularized
popularizes
popularizing
popularly
populate
populated
populates
populating
population
population's
populations
populism
populism's
populist
populist's
populists
populous
porcelain
porcelain's
porch
porch's
porches
porcine
porcupine
porcupine's
porcupines
pore
pore's
pored
pores
poring
pork
pork's
porn
porn's
porno
porno's
pornographer
pornographer's
pornographers
pornographic
pornography
pornography's
porosity
porosity's
porous
porphyry
porphyry's
porpoise
porpoise's
porpoised
porpoises
porpoising
porridge
porridge's
porringer
porringer's
porringers
port
port's
portability
portability's
portable
portable's
portables
portage
portage's
portaged
portages
portaging
portal
portal's
portals
portcullis
portcullis's
portcullises
ported
portend
portended
portending
portends
portent
portent's
portentous
portentously
portents
porter
porter's
porterhouse
porterhouse's
porterhouses
porters
portfolio
portfolio's
portfolios
porthole
porthole's
portholes
portico
portico's
porticoes
porticos
porting
portion
portion's
portioned
portioning
portions
portlier
portliest
portliness
portliness's
portly
portmanteau
portmanteau's
portmanteaus
portmanteaux
portrait
portrait's
portraitist
portraitist's
portraitists
portraits
portraiture
portraiture's
portray
portrayal
portrayal's
portrayals
portrayed
portraying
portrays
ports
pose
pose's
posed
poser
poser's
posers
poses
poseur
poseur's
poseurs
posh
posher
poshest
posies
posing
posit
posited
positing
position
position's
positional
positioned
positioning
positions
positive
positive's
positively
positives
positivism
positron
positron's
positrons
posits
posse
posse's
posses
possess
possessed
possesses
possessing
possession
possession's
possessions
possessive
possessive's
possessively
possessiveness
possessiveness's
possessives
possessor
possessor's
possessors
possibilities
possibility
possibility's
possible
possible's
possibles
possibly
possum
possum's
possums
post
post's
postage
postage's
postal
postbox
postcard
postcard's
postcards
postcode
postcodes
postdate
postdated
postdates
postdating
postdoc
postdoctoral
posted
poster
poster's
posterior
posterior's
posteriors
posterity
posterity's
posters
postgraduate
postgraduate's
postgraduates
posthaste
posthumous
posthumously
posting
postlude
postlude's
postludes
postman
postman's
postmark
postmark's
postmarked
postmarking
postmarks
postmaster
postmaster's
postmasters
postmen
postmistress
postmistress's
postmistresses
postmodern
postmortem
postmortem's
postmortems
postnatal
postoperative
postpaid
postpartum
postpone
postponed
postponement
postponement's
postponements
postpones
postponing
posts
postscript
postscript's
postscripts
postulate
postulate's
postulated
postulates
postulating
posture
posture's
postured
postures
posturing
postwar
posy
posy's
pot
pot's
potable
potable's
potables
potash
potash's
potassium
potassium's
potato
potato's
potatoes
potbellied
potbellies
potbelly
potbelly's
potboiler
potboiler's
potboilers
potency
potency's
potent
potentate
potentate's
potentates
potential
potential's
potentialities
potentiality
potentiality's
potentially
potentials
potful
potful's
potfuls
potholder
potholder's
potholders
pothole
pothole's
potholes
pothook
pothook's
pothooks
potion
potion's
potions
potluck
potluck's
potlucks
potpie
potpie's
potpies
potpourri
potpourri's
potpourris
pots
potsherd
potsherd's
potsherds
potshot
potshot's
potshots
pottage
pottage's
potted
potter
potter's
pottered
potteries
pottering
potters
pottery
pottery's
pottier
potties
pottiest
potting
potty
potty's
pouch
pouch's
pouched
pouches
pouching
poultice
poultice's
poulticed
poultices
poulticing
poultry
poultry's
pounce
pounce's
pounced
pounces
pouncing
pound
pound's
pounded
pounding
pounds
pour
poured
pouring
pours
pout
pout's
pouted
pouting
pouts
poverty
poverty's
powder
powder's
powdered
powdering
powders
powdery
power
power's
powerboat
powerboat's
powerboats
powered
powerful
powerfully
powerhouse
powerhouse's
powerhouses
powering
powerless
powerlessly
powerlessness
powerlessness's
powers
powwow
powwow's
powwowed
powwowing
powwows
pox
pox's
poxes
practicability
practicability's
practicable
practicably
practical
practical's
practicalities
practicality
practicality's
practically
practicals
practice
practice's
practiced
practices
practicing
practise
practise's
practised
practises
practising
practitioner
practitioner's
practitioners
pragmatic
pragmatic's
pragmatically
pragmatics
pragmatism
pragmatism's
pragmatist
pragmatist's
pragmatists
prairie
prairie's
prairies
praise
praise's
praised
praises
praiseworthiness
praiseworthiness's
praiseworthy
praising
praline
praline's
pralines
pram
prance
prance's
pranced
prancer
prancer's
prancers
prances
prancing
prank
prank's
pranks
prankster
prankster's
pranksters
prate
prate's
prated
prates
pratfall
pratfall's
pratfalls
prating
prattle
prattle's
prattled
prattles
prattling
prawn
prawn's
prawned
prawning
prawns
pray
prayed
prayer
prayer's
prayers
praying
prays
preach
preached
preacher
preacher's
preachers
preaches
preachier
preachiest
preaching
preachy
preamble
preamble's
preambled
preambles
preambling
prearrange
prearranged
prearrangement
prearrangement's
prearranges
prearranging
precarious
precariously
precaution
precaution's
precautionary
precautions
precede
preceded
precedence
precedence's
precedent
precedent's
precedents
precedes
preceding
precept
precept's
preceptor
preceptor's
preceptors
precepts
precinct
precinct's
precincts
preciosity
preciosity's
precious
preciously
preciousness
preciousness's
precipice
precipice's
precipices
precipitant
precipitant's
precipitants
precipitate
precipitate's
precipitated
precipitately
precipitates
precipitating
precipitation
precipitation's
precipitations
precipitous
precipitously
precise
precisely
preciseness
preciseness's
preciser
precises
precisest
precision
precision's
preclude
precluded
precludes
precluding
preclusion
preclusion's
precocious
precociously
precociousness
precociousness's
precocity
precocity's
precognition
preconceive
preconceived
preconceives
preconceiving
preconception
preconception's
preconceptions
precondition
precondition's
preconditioned
preconditioning
preconditions
precursor
precursor's
precursors
predate
predated
predates
predating
predator
predator's
predators
predatory
predecease
predeceased
predeceases
predeceasing
predecessor
predecessor's
predecessors
predefined
predestination
predestination's
predestine
predestined
predestines
predestining
predetermination
predetermination's
predetermine
predetermined
predetermines
predetermining
predicament
predicament's
predicaments
predicate
predicate's
predicated
predicates
predicating
predication
predication's
predicative
predict
predictability
predictable
predictably
predicted
predicting
prediction
prediction's
predictions
predictive
predictor
predicts
predilection
predilection's
predilections
predispose
predisposed
predisposes
predisposing
predisposition
predisposition's
predispositions
predominance
predominance's
predominant
predominantly
predominate
predominated
predominates
predominating
preeminence
preeminence's
preeminent
preeminently
preempt
preempted
preempting
preemption
preemption's
preemptive
preemptively
preempts
preen
preened
preening
preens
preexist
preexisted
preexisting
preexists
prefab
prefab's
prefabbed
prefabbing
prefabricate
prefabricated
prefabricates
prefabricating
prefabrication
prefabrication's
prefabs
preface
preface's
prefaced
prefaces
prefacing
prefatory
prefect
prefect's
prefects
prefecture
prefecture's
prefectures
prefer
preferable
preferably
preference
preference's
preferences
preferential
preferentially
preferment
preferment's
preferred
preferring
prefers
prefigure
prefigured
prefigures
prefiguring
prefix
prefix's
prefixed
prefixes
prefixing
pregnancies
pregnancy
pregnancy's
pregnant
preheat
preheated
preheating
preheats
prehensile
prehistoric
prehistory
prehistory's
prejudge
prejudged
prejudges
prejudging
prejudgment
prejudgment's
prejudgments
prejudice
prejudice's
prejudiced
prejudices
prejudicial
prejudicing
prelate
prelate's
prelates
preliminaries
preliminary
preliminary's
prelude
prelude's
preludes
premarital
premature
prematurely
premeditate
premeditated
premeditates
premeditating
premeditation
premeditation's
premenstrual
premier
premier's
premiere
premiere's
premiered
premieres
premiering
premiers
premise
premise's
premised
premises
premising
premiss
premiss's
premisses
premium
premium's
premiums
premonition
premonition's
premonitions
premonitory
prenatal
preoccupation
preoccupation's
preoccupations
preoccupied
preoccupies
preoccupy
preoccupying
preordain
preordained
preordaining
preordains
prep
prep's
prepackage
prepackaged
prepackages
prepackaging
prepaid
preparation
preparation's
preparations
preparatory
prepare
prepared
preparedness
preparedness's
prepares
preparing
prepay
prepaying
prepayment
prepayment's
prepayments
prepays
preponderance
preponderance's
preponderances
preponderant
preponderate
preponderated
preponderates
preponderating
preposition
preposition's
prepositional
prepositions
prepossess
prepossessed
prepossesses
prepossessing
preposterous
preposterously
prepped
preppie
preppie's
preppier
preppies
preppiest
prepping
preppy
preppy's
preps
prequel
prequel's
prequels
prerecord
prerecorded
prerecording
prerecords
preregister
preregistered
preregistering
preregisters
preregistration
preregistration's
prerequisite
prerequisite's
prerequisites
prerogative
prerogative's
prerogatives
presage
presage's
presaged
presages
presaging
preschool
preschool's
preschooler
preschooler's
preschoolers
preschools
prescience
prescience's
prescient
prescribe
prescribed
prescribes
prescribing
prescription
prescription's
prescriptions
prescriptive
presence
presence's
presences
present
present's
presentable
presentation
presentation's
presentations
presented
presenter
presentiment
presentiment's
presentiments
presenting
presently
presents
preservation
preservation's
preservative
preservative's
preservatives
preserve
preserve's
preserved
preserver
preserver's
preservers
preserves
preserving
preset
presets
presetting
preshrank
preshrink
preshrinking
preshrinks
preshrunk
preshrunken
preside
presided
presidencies
presidency
presidency's
president
president's
presidential
presidents
presides
presiding
press
press's
pressed
presses
pressing
pressing's
pressings
pressman
pressman's
pressmen
pressure
pressure's
pressured
pressures
pressuring
pressurization
pressurization's
pressurize
pressurized
pressurizes
pressurizing
prestige
prestige's
prestigious
presto
presto's
prestos
presumable
presumably
presume
presumed
presumes
presuming
presumption
presumption's
presumptions
presumptive
presumptuous
presumptuously
presumptuousness
presumptuousness's
presuppose
presupposed
presupposes
presupposing
presupposition
presupposition's
presuppositions
preteen
preteen's
preteens
pretence
pretence's
pretences
pretend
pretended
pretender
pretender's
pretenders
pretending
pretends
pretense
pretense's
pretenses
pretension
pretension's
pretensions
pretentious
pretentiously
pretentiousness
pretentiousness's
preterit
preterit's
preterite
preterite's
preterites
preterits
preternatural
pretext
pretext's
pretexts
prettied
prettier
pretties
prettiest
prettified
prettifies
prettify
prettifying
prettily
prettiness
prettiness's
pretty
pretty's
prettying
pretzel
pretzel's
pretzels
prevail
prevailed
prevailing
prevails
prevalence
prevalence's
prevalent
prevaricate
prevaricated
prevaricates
prevaricating
prevarication
prevarication's
prevarications
prevaricator
prevaricator's
prevaricators
prevent
preventable
preventative
preventative's
preventatives
prevented
preventible
preventing
prevention
prevention's
preventive
preventive's
preventives
prevents
preview
preview's
previewed
previewer
previewers
previewing
previews
previous
previously
prevue
prevue's
prevues
prewar
prey
prey's
preyed
preying
preys
price
price's
priced
priceless
prices
pricey
pricier
priciest
pricing
prick
prick's
pricked
pricking
prickle
prickle's
prickled
prickles
pricklier
prickliest
prickling
prickly
pricks
pricy
pride
pride's
prided
prides
priding
pried
pries
priest
priest's
priestess
priestess's
priestesses
priesthood
priesthood's
priesthoods
priestlier
priestliest
priestly
priests
prig
prig's
priggish
prigs
prim
primacy
primacy's
primaeval
primal
primaries
primarily
primary
primary's
primate
primate's
primates
prime
prime's
primed
primer
primer's
primers
primes
primeval
priming
primitive
primitive's
primitively
primitives
primly
primmer
primmest
primness
primness's
primogeniture
primogeniture's
primordial
primp
primped
primping
primps
primrose
primrose's
primroses
prince
prince's
princelier
princeliest
princely
princes
princess
princess's
princesses
principal
principal's
principalities
principality
principality's
principally
principals
principle
principle's
principled
principles
print
print's
printable
printed
printer
printer's
printers
printing
printing's
printings
printout
printout's
printouts
prints
prior
prior's
prioress
prioress's
prioresses
priories
priorities
prioritize
prioritized
prioritizes
prioritizing
priority
priority's
priors
priory
priory's
prism
prism's
prismatic
prisms
prison
prison's
prisoner
prisoner's
prisoners
prisons
prissier
prissiest
prissiness
prissiness's
prissy
pristine
prithee
privacy
privacy's
private
private's
privateer
privateer's
privateers
privately
privater
privates
privatest
privation
privation's
privations
privatization
privatization's
privatizations
privatize
privatized
privatizes
privatizing
privet
privet's
privets
privier
privies
priviest
privilege
privilege's
privileged
privileges
privileging
privy
privy's
prize
prize's
prized
prizefight
prizefight's
prizefighter
prizefighter's
prizefighters
prizefighting
prizefights
prizes
prizing
pro
pro's
proactive
probabilistic
probabilities
probability
probability's
probable
probable's
probables
probably
probate
probate's
probated
probates
probating
probation
probation's
probationary
probationer
probationer's
probationers
probe
probe's
probed
probes
probing
probity
probity's
problem
problem's
problematic
problematical
problematically
problems
proboscides
proboscis
proboscis's
proboscises
procedural
procedure
procedure's
procedures
proceed
proceeded
proceeding
proceeding's
proceedings
proceeds
proceeds's
process
process's
processed
processes
processing
procession
procession's
processional
processional's
processionals
processioned
processioning
processions
processor
processor's
processors
proclaim
proclaimed
proclaiming
proclaims
proclamation
proclamation's
proclamations
proclivities
proclivity
proclivity's
procrastinate
procrastinated
procrastinates
procrastinating
procrastination
procrastination's
procrastinator
procrastinator's
procrastinators
procreate
procreated
procreates
procreating
procreation
procreation's
procreative
proctor
proctor's
proctored
proctoring
proctors
procurator
procurator's
procurators
procure
procured
procurement
procurement's
procurer
procurer's
procurers
procures
procuring
prod
prod's
prodded
prodding
prodigal
prodigal's
prodigality
prodigality's
prodigals
prodigies
prodigious
prodigiously
prodigy
prodigy's
prods
produce
produce's
produced
producer
producer's
producers
produces
producing
product
product's
production
production's
productions
productive
productively
productiveness
productiveness's
productivity
productivity's
products
prof
prof's
profanation
profanation's
profanations
profane
profaned
profanely
profanes
profaning
profanities
profanity
profanity's
profess
professed
professes
professing
profession
profession's
professional
professional's
professionalism
professionalism's
professionally
professionals
professions
professor
professor's
professorial
professors
professorship
professorship's
professorships
proffer
proffer's
proffered
proffering
proffers
proficiency
proficiency's
proficient
proficient's
proficiently
proficients
profile
profile's
profiled
profiles
profiling
profit
profit's
profitability
profitability's
profitable
profitably
profited
profiteer
profiteer's
profiteered
profiteering
profiteers
profiting
profits
profligacy
profligacy's
profligate
profligate's
profligates
proforma
profound
profounder
profoundest
profoundly
profs
profundities
profundity
profundity's
profuse
profusely
profusion
profusion's
profusions
progenitor
progenitor's
progenitors
progeny
progeny's
progesterone
progesterone's
prognoses
prognosis
prognosis's
prognostic
prognostic's
prognosticate
prognosticated
prognosticates
prognosticating
prognostication
prognostication's
prognostications
prognosticator
prognosticator's
prognosticators
prognostics
program
program's
programed
programer
programer's
programers
programing
programmable
programmable's
programmables
programmed
programmer
programmer's
programmers
programming
programming's
programs
progress
progress's
progressed
progresses
progressing
progression
progression's
progressions
progressive
progressive's
progressively
progressives
prohibit
prohibited
prohibiting
prohibition
prohibition's
prohibitionist
prohibitionist's
prohibitionists
prohibitions
prohibitive
prohibitively
prohibitory
prohibits
project
project's
projected
projectile
projectile's
projectiles
projecting
projection
projection's
projectionist
projectionist's
projectionists
projections
projector
projector's
projectors
projects
proletarian
proletarian's
proletarians
proletariat
proletariat's
proliferate
proliferated
proliferates
proliferating
proliferation
proliferation's
prolific
prolifically
prolix
prolixity
prolixity's
prolog
prolog's
prologs
prologue
prologue's
prologues
prolong
prolongation
prolongation's
prolongations
prolonged
prolonging
prolongs
prom
prom's
promenade
promenade's
promenaded
promenades
promenading
prominence
prominence's
prominent
prominently
promiscuity
promiscuity's
promiscuous
promiscuously
promise
promise's
promised
promises
promising
promisingly
promissory
promo
promo's
promontories
promontory
promontory's
promos
promote
promoted
promoter
promoter's
promoters
promotes
promoting
promotion
promotion's
promotional
promotions
prompt
prompt's
prompted
prompter
prompter's
prompters
promptest
prompting
prompting's
promptings
promptly
promptness
promptness's
prompts
proms
promulgate
promulgated
promulgates
promulgating
promulgation
promulgation's
prone
proneness
proneness's
prong
prong's
pronged
pronghorn
pronghorn's
pronghorns
prongs
pronoun
pronoun's
pronounce
pronounceable
pronounced
pronouncement
pronouncement's
pronouncements
pronounces
pronouncing
pronouns
pronto
pronunciation
pronunciation's
pronunciations
proof
proof's
proofed
proofing
proofread
proofreader
proofreader's
proofreaders
proofreading
proofreads
proofs
prop
prop's
propaganda
propaganda's
propagandist
propagandist's
propagandists
propagandize
propagandized
propagandizes
propagandizing
propagate
propagated
propagates
propagating
propagation
propagation's
propane
propane's
propel
propellant
propellant's
propellants
propelled
propellent
propellent's
propellents
propeller
propeller's
propellers
propelling
propels
propensities
propensity
propensity's
proper
proper's
properer
properest
properly
propertied
properties
property
property's
prophecies
prophecy
prophecy's
prophesied
prophesies
prophesy
prophesy's
prophesying
prophet
prophet's
prophetess
prophetess's
prophetesses
prophetic
prophetically
prophets
prophylactic
prophylactic's
prophylactics
prophylaxis
prophylaxis's
propinquity
propinquity's
propitiate
propitiated
propitiates
propitiating
propitiation
propitiation's
propitiatory
propitious
proponent
proponent's
proponents
proportion
proportion's
proportional
proportionality
proportionally
proportionals
proportionate
proportionately
proportioned
proportioning
proportions
proposal
proposal's
proposals
propose
proposed
proposer
proposes
proposing
proposition
proposition's
propositional
propositioned
propositioning
propositions
propound
propounded
propounding
propounds
propped
propping
proprietaries
proprietary
proprietary's
proprietor
proprietor's
proprietors
proprietorship
proprietorship's
proprietress
proprietress's
proprietresses
propriety
propriety's
props
propulsion
propulsion's
propulsive
prorate
prorated
prorates
prorating
pros
prosaic
prosaically
proscenia
proscenium
proscenium's
prosceniums
proscribe
proscribed
proscribes
proscribing
proscription
proscription's
proscriptions
prose
prose's
prosecute
prosecuted
prosecutes
prosecuting
prosecution
prosecution's
prosecutions
prosecutor
prosecutor's
prosecutors
proselyte
proselyte's
proselyted
proselytes
proselyting
proselytize
proselytized
proselytizes
proselytizing
prosier
prosiest
prosodies
prosody
prosody's
prospect
prospect's
prospected
prospecting
prospective
prospector
prospector's
prospectors
prospects
prospectus
prospectus's
prospectuses
prosper
prospered
prospering
prosperity
prosperity's
prosperous
prosperously
prospers
prostate
prostate's
prostates
prostheses
prosthesis
prosthesis's
prosthetic
prostitute
prostitute's
prostituted
prostitutes
prostituting
prostitution
prostitution's
prostrate
prostrated
prostrates
prostrating
prostration
prostration's
prostrations
prosy
protagonist
protagonist's
protagonists
protean
protect
protected
protecting
protection
protection's
protections
protective
protectively
protectiveness
protectiveness's
protector
protector's
protectorate
protectorate's
protectorates
protectors
protects
protein
protein's
proteins
protest
protest's
protestant
protestants
protestation
protestation's
protestations
protested
protester
protester's
protesters
protesting
protestor
protestor's
protestors
protests
protocol
protocol's
protocols
proton
proton's
protons
protoplasm
protoplasm's
protoplasmic
prototype
prototype's
prototypes
prototyping
protozoa
protozoan
protozoan's
protozoans
protozoon
protozoon's
protract
protracted
protracting
protraction
protraction's
protractor
protractor's
protractors
protracts
protrude
protruded
protrudes
protruding
protrusion
protrusion's
protrusions
protuberance
protuberance's
protuberances
protuberant
protégé
protégé's
protégés
proud
prouder
proudest
proudly
provable
provably
prove
proved
proven
provenance
provenance's
provender
provender's
proverb
proverb's
proverbial
proverbially
proverbs
proves
provide
provided
providence
providence's
provident
providential
providentially
providently
provider
provider's
providers
provides
providing
province
province's
provinces
provincial
provincial's
provincialism
provincialism's
provincials
proving
provision
provision's
provisional
provisionally
provisioned
provisioning
provisions
proviso
proviso's
provisoes
provisos
provocation
provocation's
provocations
provocative
provocatively
provoke
provoked
provokes
provoking
provost
provost's
provosts
prow
prow's
prowess
prowess's
prowl
prowl's
prowled
prowler
prowler's
prowlers
prowling
prowls
prows
proxies
proximity
proximity's
proxy
proxy's
prude
prude's
prudence
prudence's
prudent
prudential
prudently
prudery
prudery's
prudes
prudish
prudishly
prune
prune's
pruned
prunes
pruning
prurience
prurience's
prurient
pry
pry's
prying
précis
précis's
précised
précising
psalm
psalm's
psalmist
psalmist's
psalmists
psalms
pseudo
pseudonym
pseudonym's
pseudonyms
pshaw
pshaw's
pshaws
psoriasis
psoriasis's
psst
psych
psych's
psyche
psyche's
psyched
psychedelic
psychedelic's
psychedelics
psyches
psychiatric
psychiatrist
psychiatrist's
psychiatrists
psychiatry
psychiatry's
psychic
psychic's
psychical
psychically
psychics
psyching
psycho
psycho's
psychoanalysis
psychoanalysis's
psychoanalyst
psychoanalyst's
psychoanalysts
psychoanalyze
psychoanalyzed
psychoanalyzes
psychoanalyzing
psychobabble
psychobabble's
psychogenic
psychokinesis
psychological
psychologically
psychologies
psychologist
psychologist's
psychologists
psychology
psychology's
psychopath
psychopath's
psychopathic
psychopaths
psychos
psychoses
psychosis
psychosis's
psychosomatic
psychotherapies
psychotherapist
psychotherapist's
psychotherapists
psychotherapy
psychotherapy's
psychotic
psychotic's
psychotics
psychs
ptarmigan
ptarmigan's
ptarmigans
pterodactyl
pterodactyl's
pterodactyls
ptomaine
ptomaine's
ptomaines
pub
pub's
puberty
puberty's
pubescence
pubescence's
pubescent
pubic
public
public's
publican
publican's
publicans
publication
publication's
publications
publicist
publicist's
publicists
publicity
publicity's
publicize
publicized
publicizes
publicizing
publicly
publish
publishable
published
publisher
publisher's
publishers
publishes
publishing
publishing's
pubs
puck
puck's
pucker
pucker's
puckered
puckering
puckers
puckish
pucks
pudding
pudding's
puddings
puddle
puddle's
puddled
puddles
puddling
pudgier
pudgiest
pudgy
pueblo
pueblo's
pueblos
puerile
puerility
puerility's
puff
puff's
puffball
puffball's
puffballs
puffed
puffer
puffier
puffiest
puffin
puffin's
puffiness
puffiness's
puffing
puffins
puffs
puffy
pug
pug's
pugilism
pugilism's
pugilist
pugilist's
pugilistic
pugilists
pugnacious
pugnaciously
pugnacity
pugnacity's
pugs
puke
puke's
puked
pukes
puking
pulchritude
pulchritude's
pull
pull's
pullback
pullback's
pullbacks
pulled
puller
puller's
pullers
pullet
pullet's
pullets
pulley
pulley's
pulleys
pulling
pullout
pullout's
pullouts
pullover
pullover's
pullovers
pulls
pulmonary
pulp
pulp's
pulped
pulpier
pulpiest
pulping
pulpit
pulpit's
pulpits
pulps
pulpy
pulsar
pulsar's
pulsars
pulsate
pulsated
pulsates
pulsating
pulsation
pulsation's
pulsations
pulse
pulse's
pulsed
pulses
pulsing
pulverization
pulverization's
pulverize
pulverized
pulverizes
pulverizing
puma
puma's
pumas
pumice
pumice's
pumices
pummel
pummeled
pummeling
pummelled
pummelling
pummels
pump
pump's
pumped
pumpernickel
pumpernickel's
pumping
pumpkin
pumpkin's
pumpkins
pumps
pun
pun's
punch
punch's
punched
punches
punchier
punchiest
punching
punchline
punchy
punctilious
punctiliously
punctual
punctuality
punctuality's
punctually
punctuate
punctuated
punctuates
punctuating
punctuation
punctuation's
puncture
puncture's
punctured
punctures
puncturing
pundit
pundit's
pundits
pungency
pungency's
pungent
pungently
punier
puniest
punish
punishable
punished
punishes
punishing
punishment
punishment's
punishments
punitive
punk
punk's
punker
punkest
punks
punned
punning
puns
punster
punster's
punsters
punt
punt's
punted
punter
punter's
punters
punting
punts
puny
pup
pup's
pupa
pupa's
pupae
pupal
pupas
pupil
pupil's
pupils
pupped
puppet
puppet's
puppeteer
puppeteer's
puppeteers
puppetry
puppetry's
puppets
puppies
pupping
puppy
puppy's
pups
purblind
purchasable
purchase
purchase's
purchased
purchaser
purchaser's
purchasers
purchases
purchasing
pure
purebred
purebred's
purebreds
puree
puree's
pureed
pureeing
purees
purely
pureness
pureness's
purer
purest
purgative
purgative's
purgatives
purgatorial
purgatories
purgatory
purgatory's
purge
purge's
purged
purges
purging
purification
purification's
purified
purifier
purifier's
purifiers
purifies
purify
purifying
purism
purism's
purist
purist's
purists
puritan
puritan's
puritanical
puritanically
puritanism
puritanism's
puritans
purity
purity's
purl
purl's
purled
purling
purloin
purloined
purloining
purloins
purls
purple
purple's
purpler
purples
purplest
purplish
purport
purport's
purported
purportedly
purporting
purports
purpose
purpose's
purposed
purposeful
purposefully
purposeless
purposely
purposes
purposing
purr
purr's
purred
purring
purrs
purse
purse's
pursed
purser
purser's
pursers
purses
pursing
pursuance
pursuance's
pursuant
pursue
pursued
pursuer
pursuer's
pursuers
pursues
pursuing
pursuit
pursuit's
pursuits
purulence
purulence's
purulent
purvey
purveyed
purveying
purveyor
purveyor's
purveyors
purveys
purview
purview's
pus
pus's
push
push's
pushcart
pushcart's
pushcarts
pushed
pusher
pusher's
pushers
pushes
pushier
pushiest
pushiness
pushiness's
pushing
pushover
pushover's
pushovers
pushup
pushup's
pushups
pushy
pusillanimity
pusillanimity's
pusillanimous
puss
puss's
pusses
pussier
pussies
pussiest
pussy
pussy's
pussycat
pussycat's
pussycats
pussyfoot
pussyfooted
pussyfooting
pussyfoots
pustule
pustule's
pustules
put
put's
putative
putrefaction
putrefaction's
putrefied
putrefies
putrefy
putrefying
putrescence
putrescence's
putrescent
putrid
puts
putsch
putsch's
putsches
putt
putt's
putted
putter
putter's
puttered
puttering
putters
puttied
putties
putting
putts
putty
putty's
puttying
puzzle
puzzle's
puzzled
puzzlement
puzzlement's
puzzler
puzzler's
puzzlers
puzzles
puzzling
pygmies
pygmy
pygmy's
pylon
pylon's
pylons
pyorrhea
pyorrhea's
pyramid
pyramid's
pyramidal
pyramided
pyramiding
pyramids
pyre
pyre's
pyres
pyrite
pyrite's
pyromania
pyromania's
pyromaniac
pyromaniac's
pyromaniacs
pyrotechnic
pyrotechnics
pyrotechnics's
python
python's
pythons
pyx
pyx's
pyxes
q
qua
quack
quack's
quacked
quackery
quackery's
quacking
quacks
quad
quad's
quadrangle
quadrangle's
quadrangles
quadrangular
quadrant
quadrant's
quadrants
quadraphonic
quadratic
quadrature
quadrennial
quadriceps
quadriceps's
quadricepses
quadrilateral
quadrilateral's
quadrilaterals
quadrille
quadrille's
quadrilles
quadriphonic
quadriplegia
quadriplegia's
quadriplegic
quadriplegic's
quadriplegics
quadruped
quadruped's
quadrupeds
quadruple
quadruple's
quadrupled
quadruples
quadruplet
quadruplet's
quadruplets
quadruplicate
quadruplicate's
quadruplicated
quadruplicates
quadruplicating
quadrupling
quads
quaff
quaff's
quaffed
quaffing
quaffs
quagmire
quagmire's
quagmires
quahaug
quahaug's
quahaugs
quahog
quahog's
quahogs
quail
quail's
quailed
quailing
quails
quaint
quainter
quaintest
quaintly
quaintness
quaintness's
quake
quake's
quaked
quakes
quaking
qualification
qualification's
qualifications
qualified
qualifier
qualifier's
qualifiers
qualifies
qualify
qualifying
qualitative
qualitatively
qualities
quality
quality's
qualm
qualm's
qualms
quandaries
quandary
quandary's
quanta
quantified
quantifier
quantifier's
quantifiers
quantifies
quantify
quantifying
quantitative
quantities
quantity
quantity's
quantum
quantum's
quarantine
quarantine's
quarantined
quarantines
quarantining
quark
quark's
quarks
quarrel
quarrel's
quarreled
quarreling
quarrelled
quarrelling
quarrels
quarrelsome
quarried
quarries
quarry
quarry's
quarrying
quart
quart's
quarter
quarter's
quarterback
quarterback's
quarterbacked
quarterbacking
quarterbacks
quarterdeck
quarterdeck's
quarterdecks
quartered
quarterfinal
quarterfinal's
quarterfinals
quartering
quarterlies
quarterly
quarterly's
quartermaster
quartermaster's
quartermasters
quarters
quartet
quartet's
quartets
quartette
quartette's
quartettes
quarto
quarto's
quartos
quarts
quartz
quartz's
quasar
quasar's
quasars
quash
quashed
quashes
quashing
quasi
quatrain
quatrain's
quatrains
quaver
quaver's
quavered
quavering
quavers
quavery
quay
quay's
quays
queasier
queasiest
queasily
queasiness
queasiness's
queasy
queen
queen's
queened
queening
queenlier
queenliest
queenly
queens
queer
queer's
queered
queerer
queerest
queering
queerly
queerness
queerness's
queers
quell
quelled
quelling
quells
quench
quenched
quenches
quenching
queried
queries
querulous
querulously
query
query's
querying
quest
quest's
quested
questing
question
question's
questionable
questionably
questioned
questioner
questioner's
questioners
questioning
questioningly
questionnaire
questionnaire's
questionnaires
questions
quests
queue
queue's
queued
queues
queuing
quibble
quibble's
quibbled
quibbler
quibbler's
quibblers
quibbles
quibbling
quiche
quiche's
quiches
quick
quick's
quicken
quickened
quickening
quickens
quicker
quickest
quickie
quickie's
quickies
quicklime
quicklime's
quickly
quickness
quickness's
quicksand
quicksand's
quicksands
quicksilver
quicksilver's
quid
quid's
quids
quiescence
quiescence's
quiescent
quiet
quiet's
quieted
quieter
quietest
quieting
quietly
quietness
quietness's
quiets
quietude
quietude's
quietus
quietus's
quietuses
quill
quill's
quills
quilt
quilt's
quilted
quilter
quilter's
quilters
quilting
quilting's
quilts
quince
quince's
quinces
quinine
quinine's
quintessence
quintessence's
quintessences
quintessential
quintet
quintet's
quintets
quintuple
quintuple's
quintupled
quintuples
quintuplet
quintuplet's
quintuplets
quintupling
quip
quip's
quipped
quipping
quips
quire
quire's
quires
quirk
quirk's
quirked
quirkier
quirkiest
quirking
quirks
quirky
quisling
quisling's
quislings
quit
quite
quits
quitted
quitter
quitter's
quitters
quitting
quiver
quiver's
quivered
quivering
quivers
quixotic
quiz
quiz's
quizzed
quizzes
quizzical
quizzically
quizzing
quoit
quoit's
quoited
quoiting
quoits
quondam
quorum
quorum's
quorums
quota
quota's
quotable
quotas
quotation
quotation's
quotations
quote
quote's
quoted
quotes
quoth
quotidian
quotient
quotient's
quotients
quoting
r
rabbi
rabbi's
rabbinate
rabbinate's
rabbinical
rabbis
rabbit
rabbit's
rabbited
rabbiting
rabbits
rabble
rabble's
rabbles
rabid
rabies
rabies's
raccoon
raccoon's
raccoons
race
race's
racecourse
racecourse's
racecourses
raced
racehorse
racehorse's
racehorses
raceme
raceme's
racemes
racer
racer's
racers
races
racetrack
racetrack's
racetracks
raceway
raceway's
raceways
racial
racially
racier
raciest
racily
raciness
raciness's
racing
racing's
racism
racism's
racist
racist's
racists
rack
rack's
racked
racket
racket's
racketed
racketeer
racketeer's
racketeered
racketeering
racketeering's
racketeers
racketing
rackets
racking
racks
raconteur
raconteur's
raconteurs
racoon
racoon's
racoons
racquet
racquet's
racquetball
racquetball's
racquetballs
racquets
racy
radar
radar's
radars
radial
radial's
radially
radials
radiance
radiance's
radiant
radiantly
radiate
radiated
radiates
radiating
radiation
radiation's
radiations
radiator
radiator's
radiators
radical
radical's
radicalism
radicalism's
radically
radicals
radii
radio
radio's
radioactive
radioactivity
radioactivity's
radioed
radiogram
radiogram's
radiograms
radioing
radioisotope
radioisotope's
radioisotopes
radiologist
radiologist's
radiologists
radiology
radiology's
radios
radiotelephone
radiotelephone's
radiotelephones
radiotherapist
radiotherapist's
radiotherapists
radiotherapy
radiotherapy's
radish
radish's
radishes
radium
radium's
radius
radius's
radiuses
radon
radon's
raffia
raffia's
raffish
raffle
raffle's
raffled
raffles
raffling
raft
raft's
rafted
rafter
rafter's
rafters
rafting
rafts
rag
rag's
raga
raga's
ragamuffin
ragamuffin's
ragamuffins
ragas
rage
rage's
raged
rages
ragged
raggeder
raggedest
raggedier
raggediest
raggedly
raggedness
raggedness's
raggedy
ragging
raging
raglan
raglan's
raglans
ragout
ragout's
ragouts
rags
ragtag
ragtags
ragtime
ragtime's
ragweed
ragweed's
raid
raid's
raided
raider
raider's
raiders
raiding
raids
rail
rail's
railed
railing
railing's
railings
railleries
raillery
raillery's
railroad
railroad's
railroaded
railroading
railroads
rails
railway
railway's
railways
raiment
raiment's
rain
rain's
rainbow
rainbow's
rainbows
raincoat
raincoat's
raincoats
raindrop
raindrop's
raindrops
rained
rainfall
rainfall's
rainfalls
rainforest
rainier
rainiest
raining
rainmaker
rainmaker's
rainmakers
rains
rainstorm
rainstorm's
rainstorms
rainwater
rainwater's
rainy
raise
raise's
raised
raises
raisin
raisin's
raising
raisins
raja
raja's
rajah
rajah's
rajahs
rajas
rake
rake's
raked
rakes
raking
rakish
rakishly
rakishness
rakishness's
rallied
rallies
rally
rally's
rallying
ram
ram's
ramble
ramble's
rambled
rambler
rambler's
ramblers
rambles
rambling
rambunctious
rambunctiousness
rambunctiousness's
ramification
ramification's
ramifications
ramified
ramifies
ramify
ramifying
rammed
ramming
ramp
ramp's
rampage
rampage's
rampaged
rampages
rampaging
rampant
rampantly
rampart
rampart's
ramparts
ramps
ramrod
ramrod's
ramrodded
ramrodding
ramrods
rams
ramshackle
ran
ranch
ranch's
ranched
rancher
rancher's
ranchers
ranches
ranching
ranching's
rancid
rancidity
rancidity's
rancor
rancor's
rancorous
rancorously
randier
randiest
random
randomize
randomized
randomizes
randomizing
randomly
randomness
randomness's
randy
rang
range
range's
ranged
ranger
ranger's
rangers
ranges
rangier
rangiest
ranginess
ranginess's
ranging
rangy
rank
rank's
ranked
ranker
rankest
ranking
ranking's
rankings
rankle
rankled
rankles
rankling
rankness
rankness's
ranks
ransack
ransacked
ransacking
ransacks
ransom
ransom's
ransomed
ransoming
ransoms
rant
rant's
ranted
ranter
ranting
rants
rap
rap's
rapacious
rapaciously
rapaciousness
rapaciousness's
rapacity
rapacity's
rape
rape's
raped
rapes
rapid
rapid's
rapider
rapidest
rapidity
rapidity's
rapidly
rapids
rapier
rapier's
rapiers
rapine
rapine's
raping
rapist
rapist's
rapists
rapped
rapper
rapper's
rappers
rapping
rapport
rapport's
rapports
rapprochement
rapprochement's
rapprochements
raps
rapscallion
rapscallion's
rapscallions
rapt
rapture
rapture's
raptures
rapturous
rare
rared
rarefied
rarefies
rarefy
rarefying
rarely
rareness
rareness's
rarer
rares
rarest
raring
rarities
rarity
rarity's
rascal
rascal's
rascally
rascals
rash
rash's
rasher
rasher's
rashers
rashes
rashest
rashly
rashness
rashness's
rasp
rasp's
raspberries
raspberry
raspberry's
rasped
raspier
raspiest
rasping
rasps
raspy
raster
rat
rat's
ratchet
ratchet's
ratcheted
ratcheting
ratchets
rate
rate's
rated
rates
rather
rathskeller
rathskeller's
rathskellers
ratification
ratification's
ratified
ratifies
ratify
ratifying
rating
rating's
ratings
ratio
ratio's
ration
ration's
rational
rational's
rationale
rationale's
rationales
rationalism
rationalism's
rationalist
rationalist's
rationalistic
rationalists
rationality
rationality's
rationalization
rationalization's
rationalizations
rationalize
rationalized
rationalizes
rationalizing
rationally
rationals
rationed
rationing
rations
ratios
rats
rattan
rattan's
rattans
ratted
rattier
rattiest
ratting
rattle
rattle's
rattled
rattler
rattler's
rattlers
rattles
rattlesnake
rattlesnake's
rattlesnakes
rattletrap
rattletrap's
rattletraps
rattling
rattlings
rattrap
rattrap's
rattraps
ratty
raucous
raucously
raucousness
raucousness's
raunchier
raunchiest
raunchiness
raunchiness's
raunchy
ravage
ravage's
ravaged
ravages
ravaging
rave
rave's
raved
ravel
ravel's
raveled
raveling
ravelled
ravelling
ravels
raven
raven's
ravened
ravening
ravenous
ravenously
ravens
raves
ravine
ravine's
ravines
raving
raving's
ravings
ravioli
ravioli's
raviolis
ravish
ravished
ravishes
ravishing
ravishingly
ravishment
ravishment's
raw
raw's
rawboned
rawer
rawest
rawhide
rawhide's
rawness
rawness's
ray
ray's
rayon
rayon's
rays
raze
razed
razes
razing
razor
razor's
razors
razz
razz's
razzed
razzes
razzing
re
re's
reach
reach's
reachable
reached
reaches
reaching
react
reacted
reacting
reaction
reaction's
reactionaries
reactionary
reactionary's
reactions
reactivate
reactivated
reactivates
reactivating
reactivation
reactivation's
reactive
reactor
reactor's
reactors
reacts
read
read's
readabilities
readability
readability's
readable
reader
reader's
readers
readership
readership's
readerships
readied
readier
readies
readiest
readily
readiness
readiness's
reading
reading's
readings
readjust
readjusted
readjusting
readjustment
readjustment's
readjustments
readjusts
readmit
readmits
readmitted
readmitting
readout
readout's
readouts
reads
ready
readying
reaffirm
reaffirmed
reaffirming
reaffirms
reagent
reagent's
reagents
real
real's
realer
reales
realest
realign
realism
realism's
realist
realist's
realistic
realistically
realists
realities
reality
reality's
realizable
realization
realization's
realize
realized
realizes
realizing
reallocate
reallocated
reallocates
reallocating
reallocation
really
realm
realm's
realms
reals
realtor
realtor's
realtors
realty
realty's
ream
ream's
reamed
reamer
reamer's
reamers
reaming
reams
reanimate
reanimated
reanimates
reanimating
reap
reaped
reaper
reaper's
reapers
reaping
reappear
reappearance
reappearance's
reappearances
reappeared
reappearing
reappears
reapplied
reapplies
reapply
reapplying
reappoint
reappointed
reappointing
reappointment
reappointment's
reappoints
reapportion
reapportioned
reapportioning
reapportionment
reapportionment's
reapportions
reappraisal
reappraisal's
reappraisals
reappraise
reappraised
reappraises
reappraising
reaps
rear
rear's
reared
rearing
rearm
rearmament
rearmament's
rearmed
rearming
rearmost
rearms
rearrange
rearranged
rearrangement
rearrangement's
rearrangements
rearranges
rearranging
rears
rearward
rearwards
reason
reason's
reasonable
reasonableness
reasonableness's
reasonably
reasoned
reasoning
reasoning's
reasons
reassemble
reassembled
reassembles
reassembling
reassert
reasserted
reasserting
reasserts
reassess
reassessed
reassesses
reassessing
reassessment
reassessment's
reassessments
reassign
reassigned
reassigning
reassigns
reassurance
reassurance's
reassurances
reassure
reassured
reassures
reassuring
reassuringly
reawaken
reawakened
reawakening
reawakens
rebate
rebate's
rebated
rebates
rebating
rebel
rebel's
rebelled
rebelling
rebellion
rebellion's
rebellions
rebellious
rebelliously
rebelliousness
rebelliousness's
rebels
rebind
rebinding
rebinds
rebirth
rebirth's
rebirths
reborn
rebound
rebound's
rebounded
rebounding
rebounds
rebroadcast
rebroadcast's
rebroadcasted
rebroadcasting
rebroadcasts
rebuff
rebuff's
rebuffed
rebuffing
rebuffs
rebuild
rebuilding
rebuilds
rebuilt
rebuke
rebuke's
rebuked
rebukes
rebuking
rebus
rebus's
rebuses
rebut
rebuts
rebuttal
rebuttal's
rebuttals
rebutted
rebutting
recalcitrance
recalcitrance's
recalcitrant
recall
recall's
recalled
recalling
recalls
recant
recantation
recantation's
recantations
recanted
recanting
recants
recap
recap's
recapitulate
recapitulated
recapitulates
recapitulating
recapitulation
recapitulation's
recapitulations
recapped
recapping
recaps
recapture
recapture's
recaptured
recaptures
recapturing
recast
recast's
recasting
recasts
recede
receded
recedes
receding
receipt
receipt's
receipted
receipting
receipts
receivable
receive
received
receiver
receiver's
receivers
receivership
receivership's
receives
receiving
recent
recenter
recentest
recently
receptacle
receptacle's
receptacles
reception
reception's
receptionist
receptionist's
receptionists
receptions
receptive
receptively
receptiveness
receptiveness's
receptivity
receptivity's
receptor
receptor's
receptors
recess
recess's
recessed
recesses
recessing
recession
recession's
recessional
recessional's
recessionals
recessions
recessive
recessive's
recessives
recharge
recharge's
rechargeable
recharged
recharges
recharging
recheck
recheck's
rechecked
rechecking
rechecks
recherché
recidivism
recidivism's
recidivist
recidivist's
recidivists
recipe
recipe's
recipes
recipient
recipient's
recipients
reciprocal
reciprocal's
reciprocally
reciprocals
reciprocate
reciprocated
reciprocates
reciprocating
reciprocation
reciprocation's
reciprocity
reciprocity's
recital
recital's
recitals
recitation
recitation's
recitations
recitative
recitative's
recitatives
recite
recited
recites
reciting
reckless
recklessly
recklessness
recklessness's
reckon
reckoned
reckoning
reckoning's
reckonings
reckons
reclaim
reclaimed
reclaiming
reclaims
reclamation
reclamation's
reclassified
reclassifies
reclassify
reclassifying
recline
reclined
recliner
recliner's
recliners
reclines
reclining
recluse
recluse's
recluses
reclusive
recognition
recognition's
recognizable
recognizably
recognizance
recognizance's
recognize
recognized
recognizer
recognizes
recognizing
recoil
recoil's
recoiled
recoiling
recoils
recollect
recollected
recollecting
recollection
recollection's
recollections
recollects
recombination
recombine
recombined
recombines
recombining
recommence
recommenced
recommences
recommencing
recommend
recommendation
recommendation's
recommendations
recommended
recommending
recommends
recompense
recompense's
recompensed
recompenses
recompensing
recompilation
recompile
recompiled
recompiling
reconcilable
reconcile
reconciled
reconciles
reconciliation
reconciliation's
reconciliations
reconciling
recondite
recondition
reconditioned
reconditioning
reconditions
reconfiguration
reconfigure
reconfigured
reconnaissance
reconnaissance's
reconnaissances
reconnect
reconnected
reconnecting
reconnects
reconnoiter
reconnoitered
reconnoitering
reconnoiters
reconquer
reconquered
reconquering
reconquers
reconsider
reconsideration
reconsideration's
reconsidered
reconsidering
reconsiders
reconstitute
reconstituted
reconstitutes
reconstituting
reconstruct
reconstructed
reconstructing
reconstruction
reconstruction's
reconstructions
reconstructs
reconvene
reconvened
reconvenes
reconvening
recopied
recopies
recopy
recopying
record
record's
recorded
recorder
recorder's
recorders
recording
recording's
recordings
records
recount
recount's
recounted
recounting
recounts
recoup
recouped
recouping
recoups
recourse
recourse's
recover
recoverable
recovered
recoveries
recovering
recovers
recovery
recovery's
recreant
recreant's
recreants
recreate
recreated
recreates
recreating
recreation
recreation's
recreational
recreations
recriminate
recriminated
recriminates
recriminating
recrimination
recrimination's
recriminations
recrudescence
recrudescence's
recruit
recruit's
recruited
recruiter
recruiter's
recruiters
recruiting
recruitment
recruitment's
recruits
recta
rectal
rectangle
rectangle's
rectangles
rectangular
rectifiable
rectification
rectification's
rectifications
rectified
rectifier
rectifier's
rectifiers
rectifies
rectify
rectifying
rectilinear
rectitude
rectitude's
rector
rector's
rectories
rectors
rectory
rectory's
rectum
rectum's
rectums
recumbent
recuperate
recuperated
recuperates
recuperating
recuperation
recuperation's
recuperative
recur
recurred
recurrence
recurrence's
recurrences
recurrent
recurring
recurs
recursion
recursive
recursively
recyclable
recyclable's
recyclables
recycle
recycle's
recycled
recycles
recycling
recycling's
red
red's
redbreast
redbreast's
redbreasts
redcap
redcap's
redcaps
redcoat
redcoat's
redcoats
redden
reddened
reddening
reddens
redder
reddest
reddish
redecorate
redecorated
redecorates
redecorating
rededicate
rededicated
rededicates
rededicating
redeem
redeemable
redeemed
redeemer
redeemer's
redeemers
redeeming
redeems
redefine
redefined
redefines
redefining
redefinition
redemption
redemption's
redeploy
redeployed
redeploying
redeployment
redeployment's
redeploys
redesign
redesigned
redesigning
redesigns
redevelop
redeveloped
redeveloping
redevelopment
redevelopment's
redevelopments
redevelops
redhead
redhead's
redheaded
redheads
redid
redirect
redirected
redirecting
redirection
redirects
rediscover
rediscovered
rediscovering
rediscovers
rediscovery
rediscovery's
redistribute
redistributed
redistributes
redistributing
redistribution
redistribution's
redistrict
redistricted
redistricting
redistricts
redneck
redneck's
rednecks
redness
redness's
redo
redoes
redoing
redolence
redolence's
redolent
redone
redouble
redoubled
redoubles
redoubling
redoubt
redoubt's
redoubtable
redoubts
redound
redounded
redounding
redounds
redraft
redrafted
redrafting
redrafts
redraw
redrawing
redrawn
redraws
redress
redress's
redressed
redresses
redressing
redrew
reds
redskin
redskin's
redskins
reduce
reduced
reduces
reducing
reduction
reduction's
reductions
redundancies
redundancy
redundancy's
redundant
redundantly
redwood
redwood's
redwoods
reed
reed's
reedier
reediest
reeds
reeducate
reeducated
reeducates
reeducating
reeducation
reeducation's
reedy
reef
reef's
reefed
reefer
reefer's
reefers
reefing
reefs
reek
reek's
reeked
reeking
reeks
reel
reel's
reelect
reelected
reelecting
reelection
reelection's
reelections
reelects
reeled
reeling
reels
reemerge
reemerged
reemerges
reemerging
reemphasize
reemphasized
reemphasizes
reemphasizing
reenact
reenacted
reenacting
reenactment
reenactment's
reenactments
reenacts
reenforce
reenforced
reenforces
reenforcing
reenlist
reenlisted
reenlisting
reenlists
reenter
reentered
reentering
reenters
reentries
reentry
reentry's
reestablish
reestablished
reestablishes
reestablishing
reevaluate
reevaluated
reevaluates
reevaluating
reeve
reeved
reeves
reeving
reexamine
reexamined
reexamines
reexamining
ref
ref's
refashion
refashioned
refashioning
refashions
refectories
refectory
refectory's
refer
referee
referee's
refereed
refereeing
referees
reference
reference's
referenced
references
referencing
referenda
referendum
referendum's
referendums
referent
referential
referral
referral's
referrals
referred
referring
refers
reffed
reffing
refile
refiled
refiles
refiling
refill
refill's
refillable
refilled
refilling
refills
refinance
refinanced
refinances
refinancing
refine
refined
refinement
refinement's
refinements
refiner
refiner's
refineries
refiners
refinery
refinery's
refines
refining
refinish
refinished
refinishes
refinishing
refit
refit's
refits
refitted
refitting
reflect
reflected
reflecting
reflection
reflection's
reflections
reflective
reflector
reflector's
reflectors
reflects
reflex
reflex's
reflexes
reflexive
reflexive's
reflexively
reflexives
refocus
refocused
refocuses
refocusing
refocussed
refocusses
refocussing
reforest
reforestation
reforestation's
reforested
reforesting
reforests
reform
reform's
reformat
reformation
reformation's
reformations
reformatories
reformatory
reformatory's
reformatted
reformatting
reformed
reformer
reformer's
reformers
reforming
reforms
reformulate
reformulated
reformulates
reformulating
refract
refracted
refracting
refraction
refraction's
refractories
refractory
refractory's
refracts
refrain
refrain's
refrained
refraining
refrains
refresh
refreshed
refresher
refresher's
refreshers
refreshes
refreshing
refreshingly
refreshment
refreshment's
refreshments
refreshments's
refrigerant
refrigerant's
refrigerants
refrigerate
refrigerated
refrigerates
refrigerating
refrigeration
refrigeration's
refrigerator
refrigerator's
refrigerators
refs
refuel
refueled
refueling
refuelled
refuelling
refuels
refuge
refuge's
refugee
refugee's
refugees
refuges
refulgence
refulgence's
refulgent
refund
refund's
refundable
refunded
refunding
refunds
refurbish
refurbished
refurbishes
refurbishing
refurbishment
refurbishment's
refurbishments
refurnish
refurnished
refurnishes
refurnishing
refusal
refusal's
refusals
refuse
refuse's
refused
refuses
refusing
refutation
refutation's
refutations
refute
refuted
refutes
refuting
regain
regained
regaining
regains
regal
regale
regaled
regales
regalia
regalia's
regaling
regally
regard
regard's
regarded
regarding
regardless
regards
regards's
regatta
regatta's
regattas
regencies
regency
regency's
regenerate
regenerated
regenerates
regenerating
regeneration
regeneration's
regenerative
regent
regent's
regents
reggae
reggae's
regicide
regicide's
regicides
regime
regime's
regimen
regimen's
regimens
regiment
regiment's
regimental
regimentation
regimentation's
regimented
regimenting
regiments
regimes
region
region's
regional
regionalism
regionalism's
regionalisms
regionally
regions
register
register's
registered
registering
registers
registrant
registrant's
registrants
registrar
registrar's
registrars
registration
registration's
registrations
registries
registry
registry's
regress
regress's
regressed
regresses
regressing
regression
regression's
regressions
regressive
regret
regret's
regretful
regretfully
regrets
regrettable
regrettably
regretted
regretting
regroup
regrouped
regrouping
regroups
regular
regular's
regularity
regularity's
regularize
regularized
regularizes
regularizing
regularly
regulars
regulate
regulated
regulates
regulating
regulation
regulation's
regulations
regulator
regulator's
regulators
regulatory
regurgitate
regurgitated
regurgitates
regurgitating
regurgitation
regurgitation's
rehab
rehab's
rehabbed
rehabbing
rehabilitate
rehabilitated
rehabilitates
rehabilitating
rehabilitation
rehabilitation's
rehabs
rehash
rehash's
rehashed
rehashes
rehashing
rehearsal
rehearsal's
rehearsals
rehearse
rehearsed
rehearses
rehearsing
reheat
reheated
reheating
reheats
rehire
rehired
rehires
rehiring
reign
reign's
reigned
reigning
reigns
reimburse
reimbursed
reimbursement
reimbursement's
reimbursements
reimburses
reimbursing
reimpose
reimposed
reimposes
reimposing
rein
rein's
reincarnate
reincarnated
reincarnates
reincarnating
reincarnation
reincarnation's
reincarnations
reindeer
reindeer's
reindeers
reined
reinforce
reinforced
reinforcement
reinforcement's
reinforcements
reinforces
reinforcing
reining
reinitialize
reinitialized
reins
reinsert
reinserted
reinserting
reinserts
reinstate
reinstated
reinstatement
reinstatement's
reinstates
reinstating
reinterpret
reinterpretation
reinterpretation's
reinterpretations
reinterpreted
reinterpreting
reinterprets
reinvent
reinvented
reinventing
reinvents
reinvest
reinvested
reinvesting
reinvests
reis
reissue
reissue's
reissued
reissues
reissuing
reiterate
reiterated
reiterates
reiterating
reiteration
reiteration's
reiterations
reject
reject's
rejected
rejecting
rejection
rejection's
rejections
rejects
rejoice
rejoiced
rejoices
rejoicing
rejoicing's
rejoicings
rejoin
rejoinder
rejoinder's
rejoinders
rejoined
rejoining
rejoins
rejuvenate
rejuvenated
rejuvenates
rejuvenating
rejuvenation
rejuvenation's
rekindle
rekindled
rekindles
rekindling
relabel
relabeled
relabeling
relabelled
relabelling
relabels
relaid
relapse
relapse's
relapsed
relapses
relapsing
relate
related
relates
relating
relation
relation's
relational
relations
relationship
relationship's
relationships
relative
relative's
relatively
relatives
relativistic
relativity
relativity's
relax
relaxant
relaxant's
relaxants
relaxation
relaxation's
relaxations
relaxed
relaxes
relaxing
relay
relay's
relayed
relaying
relays
relearn
relearned
relearning
relearns
releasable
release
release's
released
releases
releasing
relegate
relegated
relegates
relegating
relegation
relegation's
relent
relented
relenting
relentless
relentlessly
relentlessness
relentlessness's
relents
relevance
relevance's
relevancy
relevancy's
relevant
relevantly
reliability
reliability's
reliable
reliably
reliance
reliance's
reliant
relic
relic's
relics
relied
relief
relief's
reliefs
relies
relieve
relieved
relieves
relieving
religion
religion's
religions
religious
religious's
religiously
relinquish
relinquished
relinquishes
relinquishing
relinquishment
relinquishment's
relish
relish's
relished
relishes
relishing
relive
relived
relives
reliving
reload
reloaded
reloading
reloads
relocatable
relocate
relocated
relocates
relocating
relocation
relocation's
reluctance
reluctance's
reluctant
reluctantly
rely
relying
remade
remain
remainder
remainder's
remaindered
remainders
remained
remaining
remains
remake
remake's
remakes
remaking
remand
remanded
remanding
remands
remark
remark's
remarkable
remarkably
remarked
remarking
remarks
remarriage
remarriage's
remarriages
remarried
remarries
remarry
remarrying
rematch
rematch's
rematches
remediable
remedial
remedied
remedies
remedy
remedy's
remedying
remember
remembered
remembering
remembers
remembrance
remembrance's
remembrances
remind
reminded
reminder
reminder's
reminders
reminding
reminds
reminisce
reminisced
reminiscence
reminiscence's
reminiscences
reminiscent
reminisces
reminiscing
remiss
remission
remission's
remissions
remissness
remissness's
remit
remits
remittance
remittance's
remittances
remitted
remitting
remnant
remnant's
remnants
remodel
remodeled
remodeling
remodelled
remodelling
remodels
remonstrance
remonstrance's
remonstrances
remonstrate
remonstrated
remonstrates
remonstrating
remorse
remorse's
remorseful
remorsefully
remorseless
remorselessly
remote
remote's
remotely
remoteness
remoteness's
remoter
remotes
remotest
remount
remount's
remounted
remounting
remounts
removable
removal
removal's
removals
remove
remove's
removed
remover
remover's
removers
removes
removing
remunerate
remunerated
remunerates
remunerating
remuneration
remuneration's
remunerations
remunerative
renaissance
renaissance's
renaissances
renal
rename
renamed
renames
renaming
renascence
renascence's
renascences
renascent
rend
render
render's
rendered
rendering
rendering's
renderings
renders
rendezvous
rendezvous's
rendezvoused
rendezvouses
rendezvousing
rending
rendition
rendition's
renditions
rends
renegade
renegade's
renegaded
renegades
renegading
renege
reneged
reneges
reneging
renegotiate
renegotiated
renegotiates
renegotiating
renew
renewable
renewal
renewal's
renewals
renewed
renewing
renews
rennet
rennet's
renounce
renounced
renounces
renouncing
renovate
renovated
renovates
renovating
renovation
renovation's
renovations
renovator
renovator's
renovators
renown
renown's
renowned
rent
rent's
rental
rental's
rentals
rented
renter
renter's
renters
renting
rents
renumber
renumbered
renumbering
renumbers
renunciation
renunciation's
renunciations
reoccupied
reoccupies
reoccupy
reoccupying
reoccur
reoccurred
reoccurring
reoccurs
reopen
reopened
reopening
reopens
reorder
reorder's
reordered
reordering
reorders
reorganization
reorganization's
reorganizations
reorganize
reorganized
reorganizes
reorganizing
rep
rep's
repackage
repackaged
repackages
repackaging
repaid
repaint
repainted
repainting
repaints
repair
repair's
repairable
repaired
repairing
repairman
repairman's
repairmen
repairs
reparation
reparation's
reparations
reparations's
repartee
repartee's
repast
repast's
repasts
repatriate
repatriate's
repatriated
repatriates
repatriating
repatriation
repatriation's
repay
repayable
repaying
repayment
repayment's
repayments
repays
repeal
repeal's
repealed
repealing
repeals
repeat
repeat's
repeatable
repeatably
repeated
repeatedly
repeater
repeater's
repeaters
repeating
repeats
repel
repellant
repellant's
repellants
repelled
repellent
repellent's
repellents
repelling
repels
repent
repentance
repentance's
repentant
repented
repenting
repents
repercussion
repercussion's
repercussions
repertoire
repertoire's
repertoires
repertories
repertory
repertory's
repetition
repetition's
repetitions
repetitious
repetitive
rephrase
rephrased
rephrases
rephrasing
replace
replaceable
replaced
replacement
replacement's
replacements
replaces
replacing
replay
replay's
replayed
replaying
replays
replenish
replenished
replenishes
replenishing
replenishment
replenishment's
replete
repleted
repletes
repleting
repletion
repletion's
replica
replica's
replicas
replicate
replicated
replicates
replicating
replication
replication's
replications
replied
replies
reply
reply's
replying
report
report's
reportage
reportage's
reported
reportedly
reporter
reporter's
reporters
reporting
reports
repose
repose's
reposed
reposeful
reposes
reposing
repositories
repository
repository's
repossess
repossessed
repossesses
repossessing
repossession
repossession's
repossessions
reprehend
reprehended
reprehending
reprehends
reprehensible
reprehensibly
represent
representation
representation's
representational
representations
representative
representative's
representatives
represented
representing
represents
repress
repressed
represses
repressing
repression
repression's
repressions
repressive
reprieve
reprieve's
reprieved
reprieves
reprieving
reprimand
reprimand's
reprimanded
reprimanding
reprimands
reprint
reprint's
reprinted
reprinting
reprints
reprisal
reprisal's
reprisals
reprise
reprise's
reprises
reprising
reprized
reproach
reproach's
reproached
reproaches
reproachful
reproachfully
reproaching
reprobate
reprobate's
reprobates
reprocess
reprocessed
reprocesses
reprocessing
reproduce
reproduced
reproduces
reproducible
reproducing
reproduction
reproduction's
reproductions
reproductive
reprogram
reprogramed
reprograming
reprogrammed
reprogramming
reprograms
reproof
reproof's
reproofed
reproofing
reproofs
reprove
reproved
reproves
reproving
reps
reptile
reptile's
reptiles
reptilian
reptilian's
reptilians
republic
republic's
republican
republican's
republicanism
republicanism's
republicans
republics
republish
republished
republishes
republishing
repudiate
repudiated
repudiates
repudiating
repudiation
repudiation's
repudiations
repugnance
repugnance's
repugnant
repulse
repulse's
repulsed
repulses
repulsing
repulsion
repulsion's
repulsive
repulsively
repulsiveness
repulsiveness's
reputable
reputably
reputation
reputation's
reputations
repute
repute's
reputed
reputedly
reputes
reputing
request
request's
requested
requester
requesting
requests
requiem
requiem's
requiems
require
required
requirement
requirement's
requirements
requires
requiring
requisite
requisite's
requisites
requisition
requisition's
requisitioned
requisitioning
requisitions
requital
requital's
requite
requited
requites
requiting
reran
reread
rereading
rereads
reroute
rerouted
reroutes
rerouting
rerun
rerun's
rerunning
reruns
resale
resale's
resales
reschedule
rescheduled
reschedules
rescheduling
rescind
rescinded
rescinding
rescinds
rescission
rescission's
rescue
rescue's
rescued
rescuer
rescuer's
rescuers
rescues
rescuing
research
research's
researched
researcher
researcher's
researchers
researches
researching
resell
reselling
resells
resemblance
resemblance's
resemblances
resemble
resembled
resembles
resembling
resend
resent
resented
resentful
resentfully
resenting
resentment
resentment's
resentments
resents
reservation
reservation's
reservations
reserve
reserve's
reserved
reservedly
reserves
reserving
reservist
reservist's
reservists
reservoir
reservoir's
reservoirs
reset
reset's
resets
resetting
resettle
resettled
resettles
resettling
reshuffle
reshuffle's
reshuffled
reshuffles
reshuffling
reside
resided
residence
residence's
residences
residencies
residency
residency's
resident
resident's
residential
residents
resides
residing
residual
residual's
residuals
residue
residue's
residues
resign
resignation
resignation's
resignations
resigned
resignedly
resigning
resigns
resilience
resilience's
resiliency
resiliency's
resilient
resin
resin's
resinous
resins
resist
resist's
resistance
resistance's
resistances
resistant
resisted
resister
resister's
resisters
resisting
resistor
resistor's
resistors
resists
resold
resolute
resolutely
resoluteness
resoluteness's
resolution
resolution's
resolutions
resolve
resolve's
resolved
resolver
resolves
resolving
resonance
resonance's
resonances
resonant
resonantly
resonate
resonated
resonates
resonating
resonator
resonator's
resonators
resort
resort's
resorted
resorting
resorts
resound
resounded
resounding
resoundingly
resounds
resource
resource's
resourced
resourceful
resourcefully
resourcefulness
resourcefulness's
resources
resourcing
respect
respect's
respectability
respectability's
respectable
respectably
respected
respectful
respectfully
respecting
respective
respectively
respects
respell
respelled
respelling
respells
respelt
respiration
respiration's
respirator
respirator's
respirators
respiratory
respire
respired
respires
respiring
respite
respite's
respites
resplendence
resplendence's
resplendent
resplendently
respond
responded
respondent
respondent's
respondents
responding
responds
response
response's
responses
responsibilities
responsibility
responsibility's
responsible
responsibly
responsive
responsively
responsiveness
responsiveness's
rest
rest's
restart
restart's
restarted
restarting
restarts
restate
restated
restatement
restatement's
restatements
restates
restating
restaurant
restaurant's
restauranteur
restauranteur's
restauranteurs
restaurants
restaurateur
restaurateur's
restaurateurs
rested
restful
restfuller
restfullest
restfully
restfulness
restfulness's
resting
restitution
restitution's
restive
restively
restiveness
restiveness's
restless
restlessly
restlessness
restlessness's
restock
restocked
restocking
restocks
restoration
restoration's
restorations
restorative
restorative's
restoratives
restore
restored
restorer
restorer's
restorers
restores
restoring
restrain
restrained
restraining
restrains
restraint
restraint's
restraints
restrict
restricted
restricting
restriction
restriction's
restrictions
restrictive
restrictively
restricts
restroom
restroom's
restrooms
restructure
restructured
restructures
restructuring
restructuring's
restructurings
rests
restudied
restudies
restudy
restudying
resubmit
resubmits
resubmitted
resubmitting
result
result's
resultant
resultant's
resultants
resulted
resulting
results
resume
resume's
resumed
resumes
resuming
resumption
resumption's
resumptions
resupplied
resupplies
resupply
resupplying
resurface
resurfaced
resurfaces
resurfacing
resurgence
resurgence's
resurgences
resurgent
resurrect
resurrected
resurrecting
resurrection
resurrection's
resurrections
resurrects
resuscitate
resuscitated
resuscitates
resuscitating
resuscitation
resuscitation's
resuscitator
resuscitator's
resuscitators
retail
retail's
retailed
retailer
retailer's
retailers
retailing
retails
retain
retained
retainer
retainer's
retainers
retaining
retains
retake
retake's
retaken
retakes
retaking
retaliate
retaliated
retaliates
retaliating
retaliation
retaliation's
retaliations
retaliatory
retard
retard's
retardant
retardant's
retardants
retardation
retardation's
retarded
retarding
retards
retch
retched
retches
retching
retell
retelling
retells
retention
retention's
retentive
retentiveness
retentiveness's
rethink
rethink's
rethinking
rethinks
rethought
reticence
reticence's
reticent
retina
retina's
retinae
retinal
retinas
retinue
retinue's
retinues
retire
retired
retiree
retiree's
retirees
retirement
retirement's
retirements
retires
retiring
retold
retook
retool
retooled
retooling
retools
retort
retort's
retorted
retorting
retorts
retouch
retouch's
retouched
retouches
retouching
retrace
retraced
retraces
retracing
retract
retractable
retracted
retracting
retraction
retraction's
retractions
retracts
retrain
retrained
retraining
retrains
retread
retread's
retreaded
retreading
retreads
retreat
retreat's
retreated
retreating
retreats
retrench
retrenched
retrenches
retrenching
retrenchment
retrenchment's
retrenchments
retrial
retrial's
retrials
retribution
retribution's
retributions
retributive
retried
retries
retrievable
retrieval
retrieval's
retrievals
retrieve
retrieve's
retrieved
retriever
retriever's
retrievers
retrieves
retrieving
retroactive
retroactively
retrod
retrodden
retrofit
retrofit's
retrofits
retrofitted
retrofitting
retrograde
retrograded
retrogrades
retrograding
retrogress
retrogressed
retrogresses
retrogressing
retrogression
retrogression's
retrogressive
retrorocket
retrorocket's
retrorockets
retrospect
retrospect's
retrospected
retrospecting
retrospection
retrospection's
retrospective
retrospective's
retrospectively
retrospectives
retrospects
retry
retrying
return
return's
returnable
returnable's
returnables
returned
returnee
returnee's
returnees
returning
returns
retype
retyped
retypes
retyping
reunification
reunification's
reunified
reunifies
reunify
reunifying
reunion
reunion's
reunions
reunite
reunited
reunites
reuniting
reupholster
reupholstered
reupholstering
reupholsters
reusable
reuse
reuse's
reused
reuses
reusing
rev
rev's
revaluation
revaluation's
revaluations
revalue
revalued
revalues
revaluing
revamp
revamp's
revamped
revamping
revamps
reveal
revealed
revealing
revealings
reveals
reveille
reveille's
revel
revel's
revelation
revelation's
revelations
reveled
reveler
reveler's
revelers
reveling
revelled
reveller
reveller's
revellers
revelling
revelries
revelry
revelry's
revels
revenge
revenge's
revenged
revengeful
revenges
revenging
revenue
revenue's
revenues
reverberate
reverberated
reverberates
reverberating
reverberation
reverberation's
reverberations
revere
revered
reverence
reverence's
reverenced
reverences
reverencing
reverend
reverend's
reverends
reverent
reverential
reverently
reveres
reverie
reverie's
reveries
revering
reversal
reversal's
reversals
reverse
reverse's
reversed
reverses
reversible
reversing
reversion
reversion's
revert
reverted
reverting
reverts
revery
revery's
review
review's
reviewed
reviewer
reviewer's
reviewers
reviewing
reviews
revile
reviled
revilement
revilement's
reviler
reviler's
revilers
reviles
reviling
revise
revise's
revised
revises
revising
revision
revision's
revisions
revisit
revisited
revisiting
revisits
revitalization
revitalization's
revitalize
revitalized
revitalizes
revitalizing
revival
revival's
revivalist
revivalist's
revivalists
revivals
revive
revived
revives
revivification
revivification's
revivified
revivifies
revivify
revivifying
reviving
revocable
revocation
revocation's
revocations
revokable
revoke
revoked
revokes
revoking
revolt
revolt's
revolted
revolting
revoltingly
revolts
revolution
revolution's
revolutionaries
revolutionary
revolutionary's
revolutionist
revolutionist's
revolutionists
revolutionize
revolutionized
revolutionizes
revolutionizing
revolutions
revolve
revolved
revolver
revolver's
revolvers
revolves
revolving
revs
revue
revue's
revues
revulsion
revulsion's
revved
revving
reward
reward's
rewarded
rewarding
rewards
rewind
rewind's
rewindable
rewinding
rewinds
rewire
rewired
rewires
rewiring
reword
reworded
rewording
rewords
rework
reworked
reworking
reworks
rewound
rewrite
rewrite's
rewrites
rewriting
rewritten
rewrote
rhapsodic
rhapsodies
rhapsodize
rhapsodized
rhapsodizes
rhapsodizing
rhapsody
rhapsody's
rhea
rhea's
rheas
rheostat
rheostat's
rheostats
rhetoric
rhetoric's
rhetorical
rhetorically
rhetorician
rhetorician's
rhetoricians
rheum
rheum's
rheumatic
rheumatic's
rheumatics
rheumatism
rheumatism's
rheumier
rheumiest
rheumy
rhinestone
rhinestone's
rhinestones
rhino
rhino's
rhinoceri
rhinoceros
rhinoceros's
rhinoceroses
rhinos
rhizome
rhizome's
rhizomes
rho
rhodium
rhodium's
rhododendron
rhododendron's
rhododendrons
rhombi
rhomboid
rhomboid's
rhomboids
rhombus
rhombus's
rhombuses
rhubarb
rhubarb's
rhubarbs
rhyme
rhyme's
rhymed
rhymes
rhyming
rhythm
rhythm's
rhythmic
rhythmical
rhythmically
rhythms
rib
rib's
ribald
ribaldry
ribaldry's
ribbed
ribbing
ribbon
ribbon's
ribbons
riboflavin
riboflavin's
ribs
rice
rice's
riced
rices
rich
rich's
richer
riches
richest
richly
richness
richness's
ricing
rick
rick's
ricked
ricketier
ricketiest
rickets
rickets's
rickety
ricking
ricks
ricksha
ricksha's
rickshas
rickshaw
rickshaw's
rickshaws
ricochet
ricochet's
ricocheted
ricocheting
ricochets
ricochetted
ricochetting
ricotta
ricotta's
rid
riddance
riddance's
ridded
ridden
ridding
riddle
riddle's
riddled
riddles
riddling
ride
ride's
rider
rider's
riders
rides
ridge
ridge's
ridged
ridgepole
ridgepole's
ridgepoles
ridges
ridging
ridicule
ridicule's
ridiculed
ridicules
ridiculing
ridiculous
ridiculously
ridiculousness
ridiculousness's
riding
riding's
rids
rife
rifer
rifest
riff
riff's
riffed
riffing
riffle
riffle's
riffled
riffles
riffling
riffraff
riffraff's
riffs
rifle
rifle's
rifled
rifleman
rifleman's
riflemen
rifles
rifling
rift
rift's
rifted
rifting
rifts
rig
rig's
rigamarole
rigamarole's
rigamaroles
rigged
rigging
rigging's
right
right's
righted
righteous
righteously
righteousness
righteousness's
righter
rightest
rightful
rightfully
rightfulness
rightfulness's
righting
rightist
rightist's
rightists
rightly
rightmost
rightness
rightness's
rights
rigid
rigidity
rigidity's
rigidly
rigidness
rigidness's
rigmarole
rigmarole's
rigmaroles
rigor
rigor's
rigorous
rigorously
rigors
rigs
rile
riled
riles
riling
rill
rill's
rills
rim
rim's
rime
rime's
rimed
rimes
riming
rimmed
rimming
rims
rind
rind's
rinds
ring
ring's
ringed
ringer
ringer's
ringers
ringing
ringleader
ringleader's
ringleaders
ringlet
ringlet's
ringlets
ringmaster
ringmaster's
ringmasters
rings
ringside
ringside's
ringworm
ringworm's
rink
rink's
rinks
rinse
rinse's
rinsed
rinses
rinsing
riot
riot's
rioted
rioter
rioter's
rioters
rioting
rioting's
riotous
riots
rip
rip's
ripe
ripely
ripen
ripened
ripeness
ripeness's
ripening
ripens
riper
ripest
riposte
riposte's
riposted
ripostes
riposting
ripped
ripper
ripper's
rippers
ripping
ripple
ripple's
rippled
ripples
rippling
rips
ripsaw
ripsaw's
ripsaws
rise
rise's
risen
riser
riser's
risers
rises
risible
rising
risk
risk's
risked
riskier
riskiest
riskiness
riskiness's
risking
risks
risky
risqué
rite
rite's
rites
ritual
ritual's
ritualism
ritualism's
ritualistic
ritually
rituals
ritzier
ritziest
ritzy
rival
rival's
rivaled
rivaling
rivalled
rivalling
rivalries
rivalry
rivalry's
rivals
riven
river
river's
riverbed
riverbed's
riverbeds
riverfront
rivers
riverside
riverside's
riversides
rivet
rivet's
riveted
riveting
rivets
rivetted
rivetting
rivulet
rivulet's
rivulets
roach
roach's
roaches
road
road's
roadbed
roadbed's
roadbeds
roadblock
roadblock's
roadblocked
roadblocking
roadblocks
roadhouse
roadhouse's
roadhouses
roadkill
roadkill's
roadrunner
roadrunner's
roadrunners
roads
roadshow
roadside
roadside's
roadsides
roadster
roadster's
roadsters
roadway
roadway's
roadways
roadwork
roadwork's
roadworthy
roam
roamed
roamer
roamer's
roamers
roaming
roams
roan
roan's
roans
roar
roar's
roared
roaring
roaring's
roars
roast
roast's
roasted
roaster
roaster's
roasters
roasting
roasts
rob
robbed
robber
robber's
robberies
robbers
robbery
robbery's
robbing
robe
robe's
robed
robes
robin
robin's
robing
robins
robot
robot's
robotic
robotics
robotics's
robots
robs
robust
robuster
robustest
robustly
robustness
robustness's
rock
rock's
rocked
rocker
rocker's
rockers
rocket
rocket's
rocketed
rocketing
rocketry
rocketry's
rockets
rockier
rockiest
rockiness
rockiness's
rocking
rocks
rocky
rococo
rococo's
rod
rod's
rode
rodent
rodent's
rodents
rodeo
rodeo's
rodeos
rods
roe
roe's
roebuck
roebuck's
roebucks
roentgen
roentgen's
roentgens
roes
roger
rogered
rogering
rogers
rogue
rogue's
roguery
roguery's
rogues
roguish
roguishly
roil
roiled
roiling
roils
roister
roistered
roisterer
roisterer's
roisterers
roistering
roisters
role
role's
roles
roll
roll's
rollback
rollback's
rollbacks
rolled
roller
roller's
rollers
rollerskating
rollerskating's
rollick
rollicked
rollicking
rollicking's
rollicks
rolling
rolls
romaine
romaine's
roman
romance
romance's
romanced
romances
romancing
romantic
romantic's
romantically
romanticism
romanticism's
romanticist
romanticist's
romanticists
romanticize
romanticized
romanticizes
romanticizing
romantics
romp
romp's
romped
romper
romper's
rompers
romping
romps
rood
rood's
roods
roof
roof's
roofed
roofing
roofing's
roofs
rooftop
rooftop's
rooftops
rook
rook's
rooked
rookeries
rookery
rookery's
rookie
rookie's
rookies
rooking
rooks
room
room's
roomed
roomer
roomer's
roomers
roomful
roomful's
roomfuls
roomier
roomiest
roominess
roominess's
rooming
roommate
roommate's
roommates
rooms
roomy
roost
roost's
roosted
rooster
rooster's
roosters
roosting
roosts
root
root's
rooted
rooter
rooting
rootless
roots
rope
rope's
roped
ropes
roping
rosaries
rosary
rosary's
rose
rose's
roseate
rosebud
rosebud's
rosebuds
rosebush
rosebush's
rosebushes
rosemary
rosemary's
roses
rosette
rosette's
rosettes
rosewood
rosewood's
rosewoods
rosier
rosiest
rosily
rosin
rosin's
rosined
rosiness
rosiness's
rosining
rosins
roster
roster's
rosters
rostra
rostrum
rostrum's
rostrums
rosy
rot
rot's
rotaries
rotary
rotary's
rotate
rotated
rotates
rotating
rotation
rotation's
rotational
rotations
rote
rote's
rotisserie
rotisserie's
rotisseries
rotogravure
rotogravure's
rotogravures
rotor
rotor's
rotors
rots
rotted
rotten
rottener
rottenest
rottenness
rottenness's
rotting
rotund
rotunda
rotunda's
rotundas
rotundity
rotundity's
rotundness
rotundness's
rouge
rouge's
rouged
rouges
rough
rough's
roughage
roughage's
roughed
roughen
roughened
roughening
roughens
rougher
roughest
roughhouse
roughhouse's
roughhoused
roughhouses
roughhousing
roughing
roughly
roughneck
roughneck's
roughnecked
roughnecking
roughnecks
roughness
roughness's
roughs
roughshod
rouging
roulette
roulette's
round
round's
roundabout
roundabout's
roundabouts
rounded
roundelay
roundelay's
roundelays
rounder
roundest
roundhouse
roundhouse's
roundhouses
rounding
roundish
roundly
roundness
roundness's
rounds
roundup
roundup's
roundups
roundworm
roundworm's
roundworms
rouse
roused
rouses
rousing
roustabout
roustabout's
roustabouts
rout
rout's
route
route's
routed
routeing
router
routes
routine
routine's
routinely
routines
routing
routinize
routinized
routinizes
routinizing
routs
roué
roué's
roués
rove
roved
rover
rover's
rovers
roves
roving
row
row's
rowboat
rowboat's
rowboats
rowdier
rowdies
rowdiest
rowdiness
rowdiness's
rowdy
rowdy's
rowdyism
rowdyism's
rowed
rowel
rowel's
roweled
roweling
rowelled
rowelling
rowels
rower
rower's
rowers
rowing
rowing's
rows
royal
royal's
royalist
royalist's
royalists
royally
royals
royalties
royalties's
royalty
royalty's
rs
rub
rub's
rubbed
rubber
rubber's
rubberier
rubberiest
rubberize
rubberized
rubberizes
rubberizing
rubberneck
rubberneck's
rubbernecked
rubbernecking
rubbernecks
rubbers
rubbery
rubbing
rubbish
rubbish's
rubbished
rubbishes
rubbishing
rubbishy
rubble
rubble's
rubdown
rubdown's
rubdowns
rube
rube's
rubella
rubella's
rubes
rubicund
rubier
rubies
rubiest
ruble
ruble's
rubles
rubric
rubric's
rubrics
rubs
ruby
ruby's
rucksack
rucksack's
rucksacks
ruckus
ruckus's
ruckuses
rudder
rudder's
rudders
ruddier
ruddiest
ruddiness
ruddiness's
ruddy
rude
rudely
rudeness
rudeness's
ruder
rudest
rudiment
rudiment's
rudimentary
rudiments
rue
rue's
rued
rueful
ruefully
rues
ruff
ruff's
ruffed
ruffian
ruffian's
ruffians
ruffing
ruffle
ruffle's
ruffled
ruffles
ruffling
ruffs
rug
rug's
rugby
rugby's
rugged
ruggeder
ruggedest
ruggedly
ruggedness
ruggedness's
rugs
ruin
ruin's
ruination
ruination's
ruined
ruing
ruining
ruinous
ruinously
ruins
rule
rule's
ruled
ruler
ruler's
rulers
rules
ruling
ruling's
rulings
rum
rum's
rumba
rumba's
rumbaed
rumbaing
rumbas
rumble
rumble's
rumbled
rumbles
rumbling
rumbling's
rumblings
ruminant
ruminant's
ruminants
ruminate
ruminated
ruminates
ruminating
rumination
rumination's
ruminations
rummage
rummage's
rummaged
rummages
rummaging
rummer
rummest
rummy
rummy's
rumor
rumor's
rumored
rumoring
rumors
rump
rump's
rumple
rumple's
rumpled
rumples
rumpling
rumps
rumpus
rumpus's
rumpuses
rums
run
run's
runabout
runabout's
runabouts
runaround
runaround's
runarounds
runaway
runaway's
runaways
rundown
rundown's
rundowns
rune
rune's
runes
rung
rung's
rungs
runnel
runnel's
runnels
runner
runner's
runners
runnier
runniest
running
running's
runny
runoff
runoff's
runoffs
runs
runt
runt's
runts
runway
runway's
runways
rupee
rupee's
rupees
rupture
rupture's
ruptured
ruptures
rupturing
rural
ruse
ruse's
ruses
rush
rush's
rushed
rushes
rushing
rusk
rusk's
rusks
russet
russet's
russets
rust
rust's
rusted
rustic
rustic's
rustically
rusticity
rusticity's
rustics
rustier
rustiest
rustiness
rustiness's
rusting
rustle
rustle's
rustled
rustler
rustler's
rustlers
rustles
rustling
rustproof
rustproofed
rustproofing
rustproofs
rusts
rusty
rut
rut's
rutabaga
rutabaga's
rutabagas
ruthless
ruthlessly
ruthlessness
ruthlessness's
ruts
rutted
rutting
rye
rye's
s
sabbatical
sabbatical's
sabbaticals
saber
saber's
sabers
sable
sable's
sables
sabotage
sabotage's
sabotaged
sabotages
sabotaging
saboteur
saboteur's
saboteurs
sabre
sabre's
sabres
sac
sac's
saccharin
saccharin's
saccharine
sacerdotal
sachem
sachem's
sachems
sachet
sachet's
sachets
sack
sack's
sackcloth
sackcloth's
sacked
sackful
sackful's
sackfuls
sacking
sacking's
sacks
sacrament
sacrament's
sacramental
sacraments
sacred
sacredly
sacredness
sacredness's
sacrifice
sacrifice's
sacrificed
sacrifices
sacrificial
sacrificing
sacrilege
sacrilege's
sacrileges
sacrilegious
sacristan
sacristan's
sacristans
sacristies
sacristy
sacristy's
sacrosanct
sacs
sad
sadden
saddened
saddening
saddens
sadder
saddest
saddle
saddle's
saddlebag
saddlebag's
saddlebags
saddled
saddles
saddling
sades
sadism
sadism's
sadist
sadist's
sadistic
sadistically
sadists
sadly
sadness
sadness's
safari
safari's
safaried
safariing
safaris
safe
safe's
safeguard
safeguard's
safeguarded
safeguarding
safeguards
safekeeping
safekeeping's
safely
safeness
safeness's
safer
safes
safest
safeties
safety
safety's
safflower
safflower's
safflowers
saffron
saffron's
saffrons
sag
sag's
saga
saga's
sagacious
sagacity
sagacity's
sagas
sage
sage's
sagebrush
sagebrush's
sager
sages
sagest
sagged
sagging
sago
sago's
sags
saguaro
saguaro's
saguaros
sahib
sahib's
sahibs
said
sail
sail's
sailboard
sailboard's
sailboards
sailboat
sailboat's
sailboats
sailcloth
sailcloth's
sailed
sailfish
sailfish's
sailfishes
sailing
sailing's
sailings
sailor
sailor's
sailors
sails
saint
saint's
sainthood
sainthood's
saintlier
saintliest
saintliness
saintliness's
saintly
saints
saith
sake
sake's
saki
saki's
salaam
salaam's
salaamed
salaaming
salaams
salable
salacious
salaciously
salaciousness
salaciousness's
salad
salad's
salads
salamander
salamander's
salamanders
salami
salami's
salamis
salaried
salaries
salary
salary's
sale
sale's
saleable
sales
salesclerk
salesclerk's
salesclerks
salesgirl
salesgirl's
salesgirls
salesman
salesman's
salesmanship
salesmanship's
salesmen
salespeople
salespeople's
salesperson
salesperson's
salespersons
saleswoman
saleswoman's
saleswomen
salient
salient's
salients
saline
saline's
salines
salinity
salinity's
saliva
saliva's
salivary
salivate
salivated
salivates
salivating
salivation
salivation's
sallied
sallies
sallow
sallower
sallowest
sally
sally's
sallying
salmon
salmon's
salmonella
salmonella's
salmonellae
salmonellas
salmons
salon
salon's
salons
saloon
saloon's
saloons
salsa
salsa's
salsas
salt
salt's
saltcellar
saltcellar's
saltcellars
salted
salter
saltest
saltier
saltiest
saltine
saltine's
saltines
saltiness
saltiness's
salting
saltpeter
saltpeter's
saltpetre
saltpetre's
salts
saltshaker
saltshaker's
saltshakers
saltwater
saltwater's
salty
salubrious
salutary
salutation
salutation's
salutations
salute
salute's
saluted
salutes
saluting
salvage
salvage's
salvageable
salvaged
salvages
salvaging
salvation
salvation's
salve
salve's
salved
salver
salver's
salvers
salves
salving
salvo
salvo's
salvoes
salvos
samba
samba's
sambaed
sambaing
sambas
same
sameness
sameness's
sames
samovar
samovar's
samovars
sampan
sampan's
sampans
sample
sample's
sampled
sampler
sampler's
samplers
samples
sampling
samurai
samurai's
sanatoria
sanatorium
sanatorium's
sanatoriums
sancta
sanctification
sanctification's
sanctified
sanctifies
sanctify
sanctifying
sanctimonious
sanctimoniously
sanction
sanction's
sanctioned
sanctioning
sanctions
sanctity
sanctity's
sanctuaries
sanctuary
sanctuary's
sanctum
sanctum's
sanctums
sand
sand's
sandal
sandal's
sandals
sandalwood
sandalwood's
sandbag
sandbag's
sandbagged
sandbagging
sandbags
sandbank
sandbank's
sandbanks
sandbar
sandbar's
sandbars
sandblast
sandblast's
sandblasted
sandblaster
sandblaster's
sandblasters
sandblasting
sandblasts
sandbox
sandbox's
sandboxes
sandcastle
sandcastle's
sandcastles
sanded
sander
sander's
sanders
sandhog
sandhog's
sandhogs
sandier
sandiest
sandiness
sandiness's
sanding
sandlot
sandlot's
sandlots
sandman
sandman's
sandmen
sandpaper
sandpaper's
sandpapered
sandpapering
sandpapers
sandpiper
sandpiper's
sandpipers
sands
sandstone
sandstone's
sandstorm
sandstorm's
sandstorms
sandwich
sandwich's
sandwiched
sandwiches
sandwiching
sandy
sane
sanely
saner
sanest
sang
sangfroid
sangfroid's
sangs
sanguinary
sanguine
sanitaria
sanitarium
sanitarium's
sanitariums
sanitary
sanitation
sanitation's
sanitize
sanitized
sanitizes
sanitizing
sanity
sanity's
sank
sans
sanserif
sap
sap's
sapience
sapience's
sapient
sapling
sapling's
saplings
sapped
sapphire
sapphire's
sapphires
sappier
sappiest
sapping
sappy
saprophyte
saprophyte's
saprophytes
saps
sapsucker
sapsucker's
sapsuckers
sarape
sarape's
sarapes
sarcasm
sarcasm's
sarcasms
sarcastic
sarcastically
sarcoma
sarcoma's
sarcomas
sarcomata
sarcophagi
sarcophagus
sarcophagus's
sarcophaguses
sardine
sardine's
sardines
sardonic
sardonically
saree
saree's
sarees
sari
sari's
saris
sarong
sarong's
sarongs
sarsaparilla
sarsaparilla's
sarsaparillas
sartorial
sartorially
sash
sash's
sashay
sashay's
sashayed
sashaying
sashays
sashes
sass
sass's
sassafras
sassafras's
sassafrases
sassed
sasses
sassier
sassiest
sassing
sassy
sat
satanic
satanically
satanism
satanism's
satchel
satchel's
satchels
sate
sated
sateen
sateen's
satellite
satellite's
satellited
satellites
satelliting
sates
satiate
satiated
satiates
satiating
satiety
satiety's
satin
satin's
sating
satinwood
satinwood's
satinwoods
satiny
satire
satire's
satires
satirical
satirically
satirist
satirist's
satirists
satirize
satirized
satirizes
satirizing
satisfaction
satisfaction's
satisfactions
satisfactorily
satisfactory
satisfied
satisfies
satisfy
satisfying
satrap
satrap's
satraps
saturate
saturated
saturates
saturating
saturation
saturation's
saturnine
satyr
satyr's
satyrs
sauce
sauce's
sauced
saucepan
saucepan's
saucepans
saucer
saucer's
saucers
sauces
saucier
sauciest
saucily
sauciness
sauciness's
saucing
saucy
sauerkraut
sauerkraut's
sauna
sauna's
saunaed
saunaing
saunas
saunter
saunter's
sauntered
sauntering
saunters
sausage
sausage's
sausages
sauted
sauté
sauté's
sautéed
sautéing
sautés
savage
savage's
savaged
savagely
savageness
savageness's
savager
savageries
savagery
savagery's
savages
savagest
savaging
savanna
savanna's
savannah
savannah's
savannahes
savannahs
savannas
savant
savant's
savants
save
save's
saved
saver
saver's
savers
saves
saving
saving's
savings
savings's
savior
savior's
saviors
saviour
saviour's
saviours
savor
savor's
savored
savorier
savories
savoriest
savoring
savors
savory
savory's
savvied
savvier
savvies
savviest
savvy
savvy's
savvying
saw
saw's
sawdust
sawdust's
sawed
sawhorse
sawhorse's
sawhorses
sawing
sawmill
sawmill's
sawmills
sawn
saws
sawyer
sawyer's
sawyers
sax
sax's
saxes
saxophone
saxophone's
saxophones
saxophonist
saxophonist's
saxophonists
say
say's
saying
saying's
sayings
says
scab
scab's
scabbard
scabbard's
scabbards
scabbed
scabbier
scabbiest
scabbing
scabby
scabies
scabies's
scabrous
scabs
scad
scad's
scads
scaffold
scaffold's
scaffolding
scaffolding's
scaffolds
scalar
scalars
scalawag
scalawag's
scalawags
scald
scald's
scalded
scalding
scalds
scale
scale's
scaled
scalene
scales
scalier
scaliest
scaling
scallion
scallion's
scallions
scallop
scallop's
scalloped
scalloping
scallops
scallywag
scallywag's
scallywags
scalp
scalp's
scalped
scalpel
scalpel's
scalpels
scalper
scalper's
scalpers
scalping
scalps
scaly
scam
scam's
scammed
scamming
scamp
scamp's
scamper
scamper's
scampered
scampering
scampers
scampi
scampi's
scampies
scamps
scams
scan
scan's
scandal
scandal's
scandalize
scandalized
scandalizes
scandalizing
scandalmonger
scandalmonger's
scandalmongers
scandalous
scandalously
scandals
scanned
scanner
scanner's
scanners
scanning
scans
scansion
scansion's
scant
scanted
scanter
scantest
scantier
scanties
scantiest
scantily
scantiness
scantiness's
scanting
scants
scanty
scapegoat
scapegoat's
scapegoated
scapegoating
scapegoats
scapula
scapula's
scapulae
scapulas
scar
scar's
scarab
scarab's
scarabs
scarce
scarcely
scarceness
scarceness's
scarcer
scarcest
scarcity
scarcity's
scare
scare's
scarecrow
scarecrow's
scarecrows
scared
scares
scarf
scarf's
scarfed
scarfing
scarfs
scarier
scariest
scarified
scarifies
scarify
scarifying
scaring
scarlet
scarlet's
scarred
scarring
scars
scarves
scary
scat
scat's
scathing
scathingly
scatological
scats
scatted
scatter
scatter's
scatterbrain
scatterbrain's
scatterbrained
scatterbrains
scattered
scattering
scatters
scatting
scavenge
scavenged
scavenger
scavenger's
scavengers
scavenges
scavenging
scenario
scenario's
scenarios
scene
scene's
scenery
scenery's
scenes
scenic
scenically
scent
scent's
scented
scenting
scents
scepter
scepter's
scepters
schedule
schedule's
scheduled
scheduler
schedulers
schedules
scheduling
schema
schematic
schematic's
schematically
schematics
scheme
scheme's
schemed
schemer
schemer's
schemers
schemes
scheming
scherzi
scherzo
scherzo's
scherzos
schism
schism's
schismatic
schismatic's
schismatics
schisms
schist
schist's
schizoid
schizoid's
schizoids
schizophrenia
schizophrenia's
schizophrenic
schizophrenic's
schizophrenics
schlemiel
schlemiel's
schlemiels
schlep
schlep's
schlepp
schlepp's
schlepped
schlepping
schlepps
schleps
schlock
schlock's
schlocky
schmaltz
schmaltz's
schmaltzier
schmaltziest
schmaltzy
schmalz
schmalz's
schmalzy
schmooze
schmoozed
schmoozes
schmoozing
schmuck
schmuck's
schmucks
schnapps
schnapps's
schnauzer
schnauzer's
schnauzers
scholar
scholar's
scholarly
scholars
scholarship
scholarship's
scholarships
scholastic
scholastically
school
school's
schoolbook
schoolbook's
schoolbooks
schoolboy
schoolboy's
schoolboys
schoolchild
schoolchild's
schoolchildren
schooldays
schooled
schoolgirl
schoolgirl's
schoolgirls
schoolhouse
schoolhouse's
schoolhouses
schooling
schooling's
schoolmarm
schoolmarm's
schoolmarms
schoolmaster
schoolmaster's
schoolmasters
schoolmate
schoolmate's
schoolmates
schoolmistress
schoolmistress's
schoolmistresses
schoolroom
schoolroom's
schoolrooms
schools
schoolteacher
schoolteacher's
schoolteachers
schoolwork
schoolwork's
schoolyard
schoolyard's
schoolyards
schooner
schooner's
schooners
schrod
schrod's
schrods
schtick
schtick's
schticks
schuss
schuss's
schussed
schusses
schussing
schwa
schwa's
schwas
sciatic
sciatica
sciatica's
science
science's
sciences
scientific
scientifically
scientist
scientist's
scientists
scimitar
scimitar's
scimitars
scintilla
scintilla's
scintillas
scintillate
scintillated
scintillates
scintillating
scintillation
scintillation's
scion
scion's
scions
scissor
scissors
sclerosis
sclerosis's
sclerotic
scoff
scoff's
scoffed
scoffing
scofflaw
scofflaw's
scofflaws
scoffs
scold
scold's
scolded
scolding
scolding's
scoldings
scolds
scoliosis
scoliosis's
scollop
scollop's
scolloped
scolloping
scollops
sconce
sconce's
sconces
scone
scone's
scones
scoop
scoop's
scooped
scooping
scoops
scoot
scooted
scooter
scooter's
scooters
scooting
scoots
scope
scope's
scoped
scopes
scoping
scorch
scorch's
scorched
scorcher
scorcher's
scorchers
scorches
scorching
score
score's
scoreboard
scoreboard's
scoreboards
scorecard
scorecard's
scorecards
scored
scoreless
scorer
scorer's
scorers
scores
scoring
scorn
scorn's
scorned
scornful
scornfully
scorning
scorns
scorpion
scorpion's
scorpions
scotch
scotch's
scotched
scotches
scotching
scotchs
scoundrel
scoundrel's
scoundrels
scour
scoured
scourge
scourge's
scourged
scourges
scourging
scouring
scours
scout
scout's
scouted
scouting
scouting's
scoutmaster
scoutmaster's
scoutmasters
scouts
scow
scow's
scowl
scowl's
scowled
scowling
scowls
scows
scrabble
scrabble's
scrabbled
scrabbles
scrabbling
scragglier
scraggliest
scraggly
scram
scramble
scramble's
scrambled
scrambler
scrambler's
scramblers
scrambles
scrambling
scrammed
scramming
scrams
scrap
scrap's
scrapbook
scrapbook's
scrapbooks
scrape
scrape's
scraped
scraper
scraper's
scrapers
scrapes
scraping
scrapped
scrappier
scrappiest
scrapping
scrappy
scraps
scratch
scratch's
scratched
scratches
scratchier
scratchiest
scratchiness
scratchiness's
scratching
scratchy
scrawl
scrawl's
scrawled
scrawling
scrawls
scrawnier
scrawniest
scrawny
scream
scream's
screamed
screaming
screams
screech
screech's
screeched
screeches
screechier
screechiest
screeching
screechy
screen
screen's
screened
screening
screening's
screenings
screenplay
screenplay's
screenplays
screens
screenwriter
screenwriter's
screenwriters
screw
screw's
screwball
screwball's
screwballs
screwdriver
screwdriver's
screwdrivers
screwed
screwier
screwiest
screwing
screws
screwy
scribble
scribble's
scribbled
scribbler
scribbler's
scribblers
scribbles
scribbling
scribe
scribe's
scribes
scrimmage
scrimmage's
scrimmaged
scrimmages
scrimmaging
scrimp
scrimped
scrimping
scrimps
scrimshaw
scrimshaw's
scrimshawed
scrimshawing
scrimshaws
scrip
scrip's
scrips
script
script's
scripted
scripting
scripts
scriptural
scripture
scripture's
scriptures
scriptwriter
scriptwriter's
scriptwriters
scrod
scrod's
scrods
scrofula
scrofula's
scroll
scroll's
scrolled
scrolling
scrolls
scrooge
scrooge's
scrooges
scrota
scrotum
scrotum's
scrotums
scrounge
scrounged
scrounger
scrounger's
scroungers
scrounges
scrounging
scrub
scrub's
scrubbed
scrubber
scrubber's
scrubbers
scrubbier
scrubbiest
scrubbing
scrubby
scrubs
scruff
scruff's
scruffier
scruffiest
scruffs
scruffy
scrumptious
scrunch
scrunch's
scrunched
scrunches
scrunching
scruple
scruple's
scrupled
scruples
scrupling
scrupulous
scrupulously
scrutinize
scrutinized
scrutinizes
scrutinizing
scrutiny
scrutiny's
scuba
scuba's
scubaed
scubaing
scubas
scud
scud's
scudded
scudding
scuds
scuff
scuff's
scuffed
scuffing
scuffle
scuffle's
scuffled
scuffles
scuffling
scuffs
scull
scull's
sculled
sculleries
scullery
scullery's
sculling
scullion
scullion's
scullions
sculls
sculpt
sculpted
sculpting
sculptor
sculptor's
sculptors
sculpts
sculptural
sculpture
sculpture's
sculptured
sculptures
sculpturing
scum
scum's
scumbag
scumbag's
scumbags
scummed
scummier
scummiest
scumming
scummy
scums
scupper
scupper's
scuppered
scuppering
scuppers
scurf
scurf's
scurfier
scurfiest
scurfy
scurried
scurries
scurrilous
scurrilously
scurry
scurry's
scurrying
scurvier
scurviest
scurvy
scurvy's
scuttle
scuttle's
scuttlebutt
scuttlebutt's
scuttled
scuttles
scuttling
scuzzier
scuzziest
scuzzy
scythe
scythe's
scythed
scythes
scything
sea
sea's
seabed
seabed's
seabeds
seabird
seabird's
seabirds
seaboard
seaboard's
seaboards
seacoast
seacoast's
seacoasts
seafarer
seafarer's
seafarers
seafaring
seafaring's
seafood
seafood's
seagoing
seal
seal's
sealant
sealant's
sealants
sealed
sealer
sealer's
sealers
sealing
seals
sealskin
sealskin's
seam
seam's
seaman
seaman's
seamanship
seamanship's
seamed
seamen
seamier
seamiest
seaming
seamless
seams
seamstress
seamstress's
seamstresses
seamy
seaplane
seaplane's
seaplanes
seaport
seaport's
seaports
sear
sear's
search
search's
searched
searcher
searcher's
searchers
searches
searching
searchingly
searchlight
searchlight's
searchlights
seared
searing
sears
seas
seascape
seascape's
seascapes
seashell
seashell's
seashells
seashore
seashore's
seashores
seasick
seasickness
seasickness's
seaside
seaside's
seasides
season
season's
seasonable
seasonal
seasonally
seasoned
seasoning
seasoning's
seasonings
seasons
seat
seat's
seated
seating
seating's
seats
seaward
seaward's
seawards
seaway
seaway's
seaways
seaweed
seaweed's
seaworthier
seaworthiest
seaworthy
sebaceous
sec's
secede
seceded
secedes
seceding
secession
secession's
secessionist
secessionist's
secessionists
seclude
secluded
secludes
secluding
seclusion
seclusion's
seclusive
second
second's
secondaries
secondarily
secondary
secondary's
seconded
secondhand
seconding
secondly
seconds
secrecy
secrecy's
secret
secret's
secretarial
secretariat
secretariat's
secretariats
secretaries
secretary
secretary's
secrete
secreted
secretes
secreting
secretion
secretion's
secretions
secretive
secretively
secretiveness
secretiveness's
secretly
secrets
secs
sect
sect's
sectarian
sectarian's
sectarianism
sectarianism's
sectarians
section
section's
sectional
sectional's
sectionalism
sectionalism's
sectionals
sectioned
sectioning
sections
sector
sector's
sectors
sects
secular
secularism
secularism's
secularization
secularization's
secularize
secularized
secularizes
secularizing
secure
secured
securely
securer
secures
securest
securing
securities
security
security's
sedan
sedan's
sedans
sedate
sedated
sedately
sedater
sedates
sedatest
sedating
sedation
sedation's
sedative
sedative's
sedatives
sedentary
sedge
sedge's
sediment
sediment's
sedimentary
sedimentation
sedimentation's
sediments
sedition
sedition's
seditious
seduce
seduced
seducer
seducer's
seducers
seduces
seducing
seduction
seduction's
seductions
seductive
seductively
sedulous
see
see's
seed
seed's
seeded
seedier
seediest
seediness
seediness's
seeding
seedless
seedling
seedling's
seedlings
seeds
seedy
seeing
seeings
seek
seeker
seeker's
seekers
seeking
seeks
seem
seemed
seeming
seemingly
seemlier
seemliest
seemliness
seemliness's
seemly
seems
seen
seep
seepage
seepage's
seeped
seeping
seeps
seer
seer's
seers
seersucker
seersucker's
sees
seesaw
seesaw's
seesawed
seesawing
seesaws
seethe
seethed
seethes
seething
segment
segment's
segmentation
segmentation's
segmented
segmenting
segments
segregate
segregated
segregates
segregating
segregation
segregation's
segregationist
segregationist's
segregationists
segue
segue's
segued
segueing
segues
seismic
seismically
seismograph
seismograph's
seismographic
seismographs
seismologist
seismologist's
seismologists
seismology
seismology's
seize
seized
seizes
seizing
seizure
seizure's
seizures
seldom
select
selected
selecting
selection
selection's
selections
selective
selectively
selectivity
selectivity's
selectman
selectman's
selectmen
selector
selector's
selectors
selects
selenium
selenium's
self
self's
selfish
selfishly
selfishness
selfishness's
selfless
selflessly
selflessness
selflessness's
selfsame
sell
sell's
seller
seller's
sellers
selling
sellout
sellout's
sellouts
sells
seltzer
seltzer's
selvage
selvage's
selvages
selvedge
selvedge's
selvedges
selves
semantic
semantically
semantics
semantics's
semaphore
semaphore's
semaphored
semaphores
semaphoring
semblance
semblance's
semblances
semen
semen's
semester
semester's
semesters
semi
semi's
semiannual
semiautomatic
semiautomatic's
semiautomatics
semicircle
semicircle's
semicircles
semicircular
semicolon
semicolon's
semicolons
semiconductor
semiconductor's
semiconductors
semiconscious
semifinal
semifinal's
semifinalist
semifinalist's
semifinalists
semifinals
semimonthlies
semimonthly
semimonthly's
seminal
seminar
seminar's
seminarian
seminarian's
seminarians
seminaries
seminars
seminary
seminary's
semipermeable
semiprecious
semiprivate
semiprofessional
semiprofessional's
semiprofessionals
semis
semiskilled
semitone
semitone's
semitones
semitrailer
semitrailer's
semitrailers
semitropical
semiweeklies
semiweekly
semiweekly's
senate
senate's
senates
senator
senator's
senatorial
senators
send
sender
sender's
senders
sending
sends
senile
senility
senility's
senior
senior's
seniority
seniority's
seniors
senna
senna's
sensation
sensation's
sensational
sensationalism
sensationalism's
sensationalist
sensationalist's
sensationalists
sensationally
sensations
sense
sense's
sensed
senseless
senselessly
senselessness
senselessness's
senses
sensibilities
sensibility
sensibility's
sensible
sensibly
sensing
sensitive
sensitive's
sensitively
sensitiveness
sensitiveness's
sensitives
sensitivities
sensitivity
sensitivity's
sensitization
sensitization's
sensitize
sensitized
sensitizes
sensitizing
sensor
sensor's
sensors
sensory
sensual
sensuality
sensuality's
sensually
sensuous
sensuously
sensuousness
sensuousness's
sent
sentence
sentence's
sentenced
sentences
sentencing
sententious
sentience
sentient
sentiment
sentiment's
sentimental
sentimentalism
sentimentalism's
sentimentalist
sentimentalist's
sentimentalists
sentimentality
sentimentality's
sentimentalize
sentimentalized
sentimentalizes
sentimentalizing
sentimentally
sentiments
sentinel
sentinel's
sentinels
sentries
sentry
sentry's
sepal
sepal's
sepals
separable
separate
separate's
separated
separately
separates
separating
separation
separation's
separations
separatism
separatism's
separatist
separatist's
separatists
separator
separator's
separators
sepia
sepia's
sepsis
sepsis's
septa
septet
septet's
septets
septette
septette's
septettes
septic
septicemia
septicemia's
septuagenarian
septuagenarian's
septuagenarians
septum
septum's
septums
sepulcher
sepulcher's
sepulchered
sepulchering
sepulchers
sepulchral
sequel
sequel's
sequels
sequence
sequence's
sequenced
sequencer
sequencers
sequences
sequencing
sequential
sequentially
sequester
sequestered
sequestering
sequesters
sequestration
sequestration's
sequestrations
sequin
sequin's
sequined
sequins
sequoia
sequoia's
sequoias
sera
seraglio
seraglio's
seraglios
serape
serape's
serapes
seraph
seraph's
seraphic
seraphim
seraphs
sere
serenade
serenade's
serenaded
serenades
serenading
serendipitous
serendipity
serendipity's
serene
serenely
sereneness
sereneness's
serener
serenest
serenity
serenity's
serer
serest
serf
serf's
serfdom
serfdom's
serfs
serge
serge's
sergeant
sergeant's
sergeants
serial
serial's
serialization
serialization's
serialize
serialized
serializes
serializing
serially
serials
series
series's
serious
seriously
seriousness
seriousness's
sermon
sermon's
sermonize
sermonized
sermonizes
sermonizing
sermons
serous
serpent
serpent's
serpentine
serpentine's
serpents
serrated
serried
serum
serum's
serums
servant
servant's
servants
serve
serve's
served
server
server's
servers
serves
service
service's
serviceable
serviced
serviceman
serviceman's
servicemen
services
servicewoman
servicewoman's
servicewomen
servicing
serviette
serviette's
serviettes
servile
servility
servility's
serving
serving's
servings
servitude
servitude's
servo
servo's
servomechanism
servomechanism's
servomechanisms
servos
sesame
sesame's
sesames
session
session's
sessions
set
set's
setback
setback's
setbacks
sets
settable
settee
settee's
settees
setter
setter's
setters
setting
setting's
settings
settle
settle's
settled
settlement
settlement's
settlements
settler
settler's
settlers
settles
settling
setup
setup's
setups
seven
seven's
sevens
seventeen
seventeen's
seventeens
seventeenth
seventeenth's
seventeenths
seventh
seventh's
sevenths
seventies
seventieth
seventieth's
seventieths
seventy
seventy's
sever
several
several's
severally
severance
severance's
severances
severe
severed
severely
severer
severest
severing
severity
severity's
severs
sew
sewage
sewage's
sewed
sewer
sewer's
sewerage
sewerage's
sewers
sewing
sewing's
sewn
sews
sex
sex's
sexagenarian
sexagenarian's
sexagenarians
sexed
sexes
sexier
sexiest
sexiness
sexiness's
sexing
sexism
sexism's
sexist
sexist's
sexists
sexless
sexpot
sexpot's
sexpots
sextant
sextant's
sextants
sextet
sextet's
sextets
sextette
sextette's
sextettes
sexton
sexton's
sextons
sexual
sexuality
sexuality's
sexually
sexy
sh
shabbier
shabbiest
shabbily
shabbiness
shabbiness's
shabby
shack
shack's
shackle
shackle's
shackled
shackles
shackling
shacks
shad
shad's
shade
shade's
shaded
shades
shadier
shadiest
shadiness
shadiness's
shading
shading's
shadings
shadow
shadow's
shadowbox
shadowboxed
shadowboxes
shadowboxing
shadowed
shadowier
shadowiest
shadowing
shadows
shadowy
shads
shady
shaft
shaft's
shafted
shafting
shafts
shag
shag's
shagged
shaggier
shaggiest
shagginess
shagginess's
shagging
shaggy
shags
shah
shah's
shahs
shaikh
shaikh's
shaikhs
shake
shake's
shakedown
shakedown's
shakedowns
shaken
shaker
shaker's
shakers
shakes
shakeup
shakeup's
shakeups
shakier
shakiest
shakily
shakiness
shakiness's
shaking
shaky
shale
shale's
shall
shallot
shallot's
shallots
shallow
shallow's
shallower
shallowest
shallowness
shallowness's
shallows
shalt
sham
sham's
shaman
shaman's
shamans
shamble
shamble's
shambled
shambles
shambles's
shambling
shame
shame's
shamed
shamefaced
shameful
shamefully
shamefulness
shamefulness's
shameless
shamelessly
shames
shaming
shammed
shammies
shamming
shammy
shammy's
shampoo
shampoo's
shampooed
shampooing
shampoos
shamrock
shamrock's
shamrocks
shams
shan't
shandy
shanghai
shanghaied
shanghaiing
shanghais
shank
shank's
shanks
shanties
shantung
shantung's
shanty
shanty's
shantytown
shantytown's
shantytowns
shape
shape's
shaped
shapeless
shapelessly
shapelessness
shapelessness's
shapelier
shapeliest
shapeliness
shapeliness's
shapely
shapes
shaping
shard
shard's
shards
share
share's
sharecropper
sharecropper's
sharecroppers
shared
shareholder
shareholder's
shareholders
shares
sharing
shark
shark's
sharked
sharking
sharks
sharkskin
sharkskin's
sharp
sharp's
sharped
sharpen
sharpened
sharpener
sharpener's
sharpeners
sharpening
sharpens
sharper
sharper's
sharpers
sharpest
sharping
sharply
sharpness
sharpness's
sharps
sharpshooter
sharpshooter's
sharpshooters
shat
shatter
shatter's
shattered
shattering
shatterproof
shatters
shave
shave's
shaved
shaven
shaver
shaver's
shavers
shaves
shaving
shaving's
shavings
shawl
shawl's
shawls
shaykh
shaykh's
shaykhs
she
she'd
she'll
she's
sheaf
sheaf's
shear
shear's
sheared
shearer
shearer's
shearers
shearing
shears
sheath
sheath's
sheathe
sheathed
sheathes
sheathing
sheathing's
sheathings
sheaths
sheave
sheave's
sheaves
shebang
shebang's
shebangs
shed
shed's
shedding
sheds
sheen
sheen's
sheep
sheep's
sheepdog
sheepdog's
sheepdogs
sheepfold
sheepfold's
sheepfolds
sheepish
sheepishly
sheepishness
sheepishness's
sheepskin
sheepskin's
sheepskins
sheer
sheer's
sheered
sheerer
sheerest
sheering
sheers
sheet
sheet's
sheeting
sheeting's
sheets
sheik
sheik's
sheikdom
sheikdom's
sheikdoms
sheikh
sheikh's
sheikhdom
sheikhdom's
sheikhdoms
sheikhs
sheiks
shekel
shekel's
shekels
shelf
shelf's
shell
shell's
shellac
shellac's
shellacked
shellacking
shellacs
shelled
sheller
shellfish
shellfish's
shellfishes
shelling
shells
shelter
shelter's
sheltered
sheltering
shelters
shelve
shelved
shelves
shelving
shelving's
shenanigan
shenanigan's
shenanigans
shepherd
shepherd's
shepherded
shepherdess
shepherdess's
shepherdesses
shepherding
shepherds
sherbert
sherbert's
sherberts
sherbet
sherbet's
sherbets
sherd
sherd's
sherds
sheriff
sheriff's
sheriffs
sherries
sherry
sherry's
shes
shibboleth
shibboleth's
shibboleths
shied
shield
shield's
shielded
shielding
shields
shies
shift
shift's
shifted
shiftier
shiftiest
shiftily
shiftiness
shiftiness's
shifting
shiftless
shiftlessness
shiftlessness's
shifts
shifty
shill
shill's
shillalah
shillalah's
shillalahs
shilled
shillelagh
shillelagh's
shillelaghs
shilling
shilling's
shillings
shills
shim
shim's
shimmed
shimmer
shimmer's
shimmered
shimmering
shimmers
shimmery
shimmied
shimmies
shimming
shimmy
shimmy's
shimmying
shims
shin
shin's
shinbone
shinbone's
shinbones
shindig
shindig's
shindigs
shine
shine's
shined
shiner
shiner's
shiners
shines
shingle
shingle's
shingled
shingles
shingling
shinier
shiniest
shininess
shininess's
shining
shinned
shinnied
shinnies
shinning
shinny
shinnying
shins
shiny
ship
ship's
shipboard
shipboard's
shipboards
shipbuilder
shipbuilder's
shipbuilders
shipbuilding
shipbuilding's
shipload
shipload's
shiploads
shipmate
shipmate's
shipmates
shipment
shipment's
shipments
shipped
shipper
shipper's
shippers
shipping
shipping's
ships
shipshape
shipwreck
shipwreck's
shipwrecked
shipwrecking
shipwrecks
shipwright
shipwright's
shipwrights
shipyard
shipyard's
shipyards
shire
shire's
shires
shirk
shirked
shirker
shirker's
shirkers
shirking
shirks
shirr
shirr's
shirred
shirring
shirring's
shirrings
shirrs
shirt
shirt's
shirted
shirting
shirts
shirtsleeve
shirtsleeve's
shirtsleeves
shirttail
shirttail's
shirttails
shirtwaist
shirtwaist's
shirtwaists
shit
shit's
shits
shittier
shittiest
shitting
shitty
shiver
shiver's
shivered
shivering
shivers
shivery
shlemiel
shlemiel's
shlemiels
shlep
shlep's
shlepp
shlepp's
shlepped
shlepping
shlepps
shleps
shlock
shlocky
shoal
shoal's
shoaled
shoaling
shoals
shock
shock's
shocked
shocker
shocker's
shockers
shocking
shockingly
shockproof
shocks
shod
shodden
shoddier
shoddiest
shoddily
shoddiness
shoddiness's
shoddy
shoddy's
shoe
shoe's
shoed
shoehorn
shoehorn's
shoehorned
shoehorning
shoehorns
shoeing
shoelace
shoelace's
shoelaces
shoemaker
shoemaker's
shoemakers
shoes
shoeshine
shoeshine's
shoeshines
shoestring
shoestring's
shoestrings
shogun
shogun's
shoguns
shone
shoo
shooed
shooing
shook
shoon
shoos
shoot
shoot's
shooter
shooter's
shooters
shooting
shooting's
shootings
shootout
shootout's
shootouts
shoots
shop
shop's
shopkeeper
shopkeeper's
shopkeepers
shoplift
shoplifted
shoplifter
shoplifter's
shoplifters
shoplifting
shoplifting's
shoplifts
shopped
shopper
shopper's
shoppers
shopping
shopping's
shops
shoptalk
shoptalk's
shopworn
shore
shore's
shored
shoreline
shoreline's
shorelines
shores
shoring
shorn
short
short's
shortage
shortage's
shortages
shortbread
shortbread's
shortcake
shortcake's
shortcakes
shortchange
shortchanged
shortchanges
shortchanging
shortcoming
shortcoming's
shortcomings
shortcut
shortcut's
shortcuts
shorted
shorten
shortened
shortening
shortening's
shortenings
shortens
shorter
shortest
shortfall
shortfall's
shortfalls
shorthand
shorthand's
shorthorn
shorthorn's
shorthorns
shorting
shortish
shortlist
shortly
shortness
shortness's
shorts
shortsighted
shortsightedly
shortsightedness
shortsightedness's
shortstop
shortstop's
shortstops
shortwave
shortwave's
shortwaves
shot
shot's
shotgun
shotgun's
shotgunned
shotgunning
shotguns
shots
should
shoulder
shoulder's
shouldered
shouldering
shoulders
shouldn't
shout
shout's
shouted
shouting
shouts
shove
shove's
shoved
shovel
shovel's
shoveled
shovelful
shovelful's
shovelfuls
shoveling
shovelled
shovelling
shovels
shoves
shoving
show
show's
showbiz
showbiz's
showboat
showboat's
showboated
showboating
showboats
showcase
showcase's
showcased
showcases
showcasing
showdown
showdown's
showdowns
showed
shower
shower's
showered
showering
showers
showery
showgirl
showgirl's
showgirls
showier
showiest
showily
showiness
showiness's
showing
showing's
showings
showman
showman's
showmanship
showmanship's
showmen
shown
showoff
showoff's
showoffs
showpiece
showpiece's
showpieces
showplace
showplace's
showplaces
showroom
showroom's
showrooms
shows
showy
shrank
shrapnel
shrapnel's
shred
shred's
shredded
shredder
shredder's
shredders
shredding
shreds
shrew
shrew's
shrewd
shrewder
shrewdest
shrewdly
shrewdness
shrewdness's
shrewish
shrews
shriek
shriek's
shrieked
shrieking
shrieks
shrift
shrift's
shrike
shrike's
shrikes
shrill
shrilled
shriller
shrillest
shrilling
shrillness
shrillness's
shrills
shrilly
shrimp
shrimp's
shrimped
shrimping
shrimps
shrine
shrine's
shrines
shrink
shrink's
shrinkable
shrinkage
shrinkage's
shrinking
shrinks
shrive
shrived
shrivel
shriveled
shriveling
shrivelled
shrivelling
shrivels
shriven
shrives
shriving
shroud
shroud's
shrouded
shrouding
shrouds
shrove
shrub
shrub's
shrubberies
shrubbery
shrubbery's
shrubbier
shrubbiest
shrubby
shrubs
shrug
shrug's
shrugged
shrugging
shrugs
shrunk
shrunken
shtick
shtick's
shticks
shtik
shtik's
shtiks
shuck
shuck's
shucked
shucking
shucks
shuckses
shudder
shudder's
shuddered
shuddering
shudders
shuffle
shuffle's
shuffleboard
shuffleboard's
shuffleboards
shuffled
shuffler
shuffler's
shufflers
shuffles
shuffling
shun
shunned
shunning
shuns
shunt
shunt's
shunted
shunting
shunts
shush
shushed
shushes
shushing
shut
shutdown
shutdown's
shutdowns
shuteye
shuteye's
shutout
shutout's
shutouts
shuts
shutter
shutter's
shutterbug
shutterbug's
shutterbugs
shuttered
shuttering
shutters
shutting
shuttle
shuttle's
shuttlecock
shuttlecock's
shuttlecocked
shuttlecocking
shuttlecocks
shuttled
shuttles
shuttling
shy
shy's
shyer
shyest
shying
shyly
shyness
shyness's
shyster
shyster's
shysters
sibilant
sibilant's
sibilants
sibling
sibling's
siblings
sibyl
sibyl's
sibyls
sic
sick
sickbed
sickbed's
sickbeds
sicked
sicken
sickened
sickening
sickeningly
sickens
sicker
sickest
sicking
sickle
sickle's
sickles
sicklier
sickliest
sickly
sickness
sickness's
sicknesses
sicks
sics
side
side's
sidearm
sidearm's
sidearms
sidebar
sidebar's
sidebars
sideboard
sideboard's
sideboards
sideburns
sideburns's
sidecar
sidecar's
sidecars
sided
sidekick
sidekick's
sidekicks
sidelight
sidelight's
sidelights
sideline
sideline's
sidelined
sidelines
sidelining
sidelong
sidereal
sides
sidesaddle
sidesaddle's
sidesaddles
sideshow
sideshow's
sideshows
sidesplitting
sidestep
sidestep's
sidestepped
sidestepping
sidesteps
sidestroke
sidestroke's
sidestroked
sidestrokes
sidestroking
sideswipe
sideswipe's
sideswiped
sideswipes
sideswiping
sidetrack
sidetrack's
sidetracked
sidetracking
sidetracks
sidewalk
sidewalk's
sidewalks
sidewall
sidewall's
sidewalls
sideways
sidewise
siding
siding's
sidings
sidle
sidle's
sidled
sidles
sidling
siege
siege's
sieges
sierra
sierra's
sierras
siesta
siesta's
siestas
sieve
sieve's
sieved
sieves
sieving
sift
sifted
sifter
sifter's
sifters
sifting
sifts
sigh
sigh's
sighed
sighing
sighs
sight
sight's
sighted
sighting
sighting's
sightings
sightless
sightread
sights
sightseeing
sightseeing's
sightseer
sightseer's
sightseers
sigma
sign
sign's
signal
signal's
signaled
signaling
signalize
signalized
signalizes
signalizing
signalled
signalling
signally
signals
signatories
signatory
signatory's
signature
signature's
signatures
signboard
signboard's
signboards
signed
signer
signer's
signers
signet
signet's
signets
significance
significance's
significant
significantly
signification
signification's
significations
signified
signifies
signify
signifying
signing
signing's
signings
signpost
signpost's
signposted
signposting
signposts
signs
silage
silage's
silence
silence's
silenced
silencer
silencer's
silencers
silences
silencing
silent
silent's
silenter
silentest
silently
silents
silhouette
silhouette's
silhouetted
silhouettes
silhouetting
silica
silica's
silicate
silicate's
silicates
siliceous
silicious
silicon
silicon's
silicone
silicone's
silicosis
silicosis's
silk
silk's
silken
silkier
silkiest
silks
silkworm
silkworm's
silkworms
silky
sill
sill's
sillier
sillies
silliest
silliness
silliness's
sills
silly
silly's
silo
silo's
silos
silt
silt's
silted
silting
silts
silvan
silver
silver's
silvered
silverfish
silverfish's
silverfishes
silvering
silvers
silversmith
silversmith's
silversmiths
silverware
silverware's
silvery
simian
simian's
simians
similar
similarities
similarity
similarity's
similarly
simile
simile's
similes
simmer
simmer's
simmered
simmering
simmers
simpatico
simper
simper's
simpered
simpering
simpers
simple
simpleness
simpleness's
simpler
simplest
simpleton
simpleton's
simpletons
simplex
simplicity
simplicity's
simplification
simplification's
simplifications
simplified
simplifies
simplify
simplifying
simplistic
simply
simulate
simulated
simulates
simulating
simulation
simulation's
simulations
simulator
simulator's
simulators
simulcast
simulcast's
simulcasted
simulcasting
simulcasts
simultaneous
simultaneously
sin
sin's
since
sincere
sincerely
sincerer
sincerest
sincerity
sincerity's
sine
sinecure
sinecure's
sinecures
sinew
sinew's
sinews
sinewy
sinful
sinfully
sinfulness
sinfulness's
sing
sing's
singe
singe's
singed
singeing
singer
singer's
singers
singes
singing
singing's
single
single's
singled
singles
singles's
singleton
singleton's
singletons
singling
singly
sings
singsong
singsong's
singsonged
singsonging
singsongs
singular
singular's
singularities
singularity
singularity's
singularly
singulars
sinister
sink
sink's
sinkable
sinker
sinker's
sinkers
sinkhole
sinkhole's
sinkholes
sinking
sinks
sinned
sinner
sinner's
sinners
sinning
sins
sinuous
sinus
sinus's
sinuses
sinusitis
sinusitis's
sinusoidal
sip
sip's
siphon
siphon's
siphoned
siphoning
siphons
sipped
sipping
sips
sir
sir's
sire
sire's
sired
siren
siren's
sirens
sires
siring
sirloin
sirloin's
sirloins
sirocco
sirocco's
siroccos
sirs
sirup
sirup's
sirups
sis
sis's
sisal
sisal's
sises
sissier
sissies
sissiest
sissy
sissy's
sister
sister's
sisterhood
sisterhood's
sisterhoods
sisterly
sisters
sit
sitar
sitar's
sitars
sitcom
sitcom's
sitcoms
site
site's
sited
sites
siting
sits
sitter
sitter's
sitters
sitting
sitting's
sittings
situate
situated
situates
situating
situation
situation's
situations
six
six's
sixes
sixpence
sixpence's
sixpences
sixteen
sixteen's
sixteens
sixteenth
sixteenth's
sixteenths
sixth
sixth's
sixths
sixties
sixtieth
sixtieth's
sixtieths
sixty
sixty's
sizable
size
size's
sizeable
sized
sizer
sizes
sizing
sizing's
sizzle
sizzle's
sizzled
sizzles
sizzling
skate
skate's
skateboard
skateboard's
skateboarded
skateboarder
skateboarder's
skateboarders
skateboarding
skateboarding's
skateboards
skated
skater
skater's
skaters
skates
skating
skedaddle
skedaddle's
skedaddled
skedaddles
skedaddling
skeet
skeet's
skein
skein's
skeins
skeletal
skeleton
skeleton's
skeletons
skeptic
skeptic's
skeptical
skeptically
skepticism
skepticism's
skeptics
sketch
sketch's
sketched
sketches
sketchier
sketchiest
sketching
sketchy
skew
skew's
skewed
skewer
skewer's
skewered
skewering
skewers
skewing
skews
ski
ski's
skid
skid's
skidded
skidding
skids
skied
skier
skier's
skiers
skies
skiff
skiff's
skiffs
skiing
skiing's
skilful
skill
skill's
skilled
skillet
skillet's
skillets
skillful
skillfully
skills
skim
skim's
skimmed
skimming
skimp
skimped
skimpier
skimpiest
skimpiness
skimpiness's
skimping
skimps
skimpy
skims
skin
skin's
skinflint
skinflint's
skinflints
skinhead
skinhead's
skinheads
skinless
skinned
skinnier
skinniest
skinniness
skinniness's
skinning
skinny
skinny's
skins
skintight
skip
skip's
skipped
skipper
skipper's
skippered
skippering
skippers
skipping
skips
skirmish
skirmish's
skirmished
skirmishes
skirmishing
skirt
skirt's
skirted
skirting
skirts
skis
skit
skit's
skits
skitter
skittered
skittering
skitters
skittish
skivvied
skivvies
skivvy
skivvy's
skivvying
skulduggery
skulduggery's
skulk
skulked
skulking
skulks
skull
skull's
skullcap
skullcap's
skullcaps
skullduggery
skullduggery's
skulls
skunk
skunk's
skunked
skunking
skunks
sky
sky's
skycap
skycap's
skycaps
skydive
skydived
skydiver
skydiver's
skydivers
skydives
skydiving
skydiving's
skydove
skyed
skying
skyjack
skyjacked
skyjacker
skyjacker's
skyjackers
skyjacking
skyjacks
skylark
skylark's
skylarked
skylarking
skylarks
skylight
skylight's
skylights
skyline
skyline's
skylines
skyrocket
skyrocket's
skyrocketed
skyrocketing
skyrockets
skyscraper
skyscraper's
skyscrapers
skyward
skywards
skywriter
skywriter's
skywriters
skywriting
skywriting's
slab
slab's
slabbed
slabbing
slabs
slack
slack's
slacked
slacken
slackened
slackening
slackens
slacker
slacker's
slackers
slackest
slacking
slackly
slackness
slackness's
slacks
slacks's
slag
slag's
slags
slain
slake
slaked
slakes
slaking
slalom
slalom's
slalomed
slaloming
slaloms
slam
slam's
slammed
slammer
slammer's
slammers
slamming
slams
slander
slander's
slandered
slanderer
slanderer's
slanderers
slandering
slanderous
slanders
slang
slang's
slangier
slangiest
slangy
slant
slant's
slanted
slanting
slants
slantwise
slap
slap's
slapdash
slaphappier
slaphappiest
slaphappy
slapped
slapping
slaps
slapstick
slapstick's
slash
slash's
slashed
slashes
slashing
slat
slat's
slate
slate's
slated
slates
slather
slathered
slathering
slathers
slating
slats
slattern
slattern's
slatternly
slatterns
slaughter
slaughter's
slaughtered
slaughterer
slaughterer's
slaughterers
slaughterhouse
slaughterhouse's
slaughterhouses
slaughtering
slaughters
slave
slave's
slaved
slaver
slaver's
slavered
slavering
slavers
slavery
slavery's
slaves
slaving
slavish
slavishly
slaw
slaw's
slay
slayer
slayer's
slayers
slaying
slaying's
slayings
slays
sleaze
sleaze's
sleazes
sleazier
sleaziest
sleazily
sleaziness
sleaziness's
sleazy
sled
sled's
sledded
sledding
sledge
sledge's
sledged
sledgehammer
sledgehammer's
sledgehammered
sledgehammering
sledgehammers
sledges
sledging
sleds
sleek
sleeked
sleeker
sleekest
sleeking
sleekly
sleekness
sleekness's
sleeks
sleep
sleep's
sleeper
sleeper's
sleepers
sleepier
sleepiest
sleepily
sleepiness
sleepiness's
sleeping
sleepless
sleeplessness
sleeplessness's
sleeps
sleepwalk
sleepwalked
sleepwalker
sleepwalker's
sleepwalkers
sleepwalking
sleepwalking's
sleepwalks
sleepwear
sleepwear's
sleepy
sleepyhead
sleepyhead's
sleepyheads
sleet
sleet's
sleeted
sleetier
sleetiest
sleeting
sleets
sleety
sleeve
sleeve's
sleeveless
sleeves
sleigh
sleigh's
sleighed
sleighing
sleighs
slender
slenderer
slenderest
slenderize
slenderized
slenderizes
slenderizing
slenderness
slenderness's
slept
sleuth
sleuth's
sleuths
slew
slew's
slewed
slewing
slews
slice
slice's
sliced
slicer
slicer's
slicers
slices
slicing
slick
slick's
slicked
slicker
slicker's
slickers
slickest
slicking
slickly
slickness
slickness's
slicks
slid
slide
slide's
slider
slider's
sliders
slides
sliding
slier
sliest
slight
slight's
slighted
slighter
slightest
slighting
slightly
slightness
slightness's
slights
slily
slim
slime
slime's
slimier
slimiest
slimmed
slimmer
slimmest
slimming
slimness
slimness's
slims
slimy
sling
sling's
slinging
slings
slingshot
slingshot's
slingshots
slink
slinked
slinkier
slinkiest
slinking
slinks
slinky
slip
slip's
slipcover
slipcover's
slipcovers
slipknot
slipknot's
slipknots
slippage
slippage's
slippages
slipped
slipper
slipper's
slipperier
slipperiest
slipperiness
slipperiness's
slippers
slippery
slipping
slips
slipshod
slit
slit's
slither
slither's
slithered
slithering
slithers
slithery
slits
slitter
slitting
sliver
sliver's
slivered
slivering
slivers
slob
slob's
slobber
slobber's
slobbered
slobbering
slobbers
slobs
sloe
sloe's
sloes
slog
slog's
slogan
slogan's
slogans
slogged
slogging
slogs
sloop
sloop's
sloops
slop
slop's
slope
slope's
sloped
slopes
sloping
slopped
sloppier
sloppiest
sloppily
sloppiness
sloppiness's
slopping
sloppy
slops
slosh
sloshed
sloshes
sloshing
slot
slot's
sloth
sloth's
slothful
slothfulness
slothfulness's
sloths
slots
slotted
slotting
slouch
slouch's
slouched
slouches
slouchier
slouchiest
slouching
slouchy
slough
slough's
sloughed
sloughing
sloughs
sloven
sloven's
slovenlier
slovenliest
slovenliness
slovenliness's
slovenly
slovens
slow
slowdown
slowdown's
slowdowns
slowed
slower
slowest
slowing
slowly
slowness
slowness's
slowpoke
slowpoke's
slowpokes
slows
sludge
sludge's
slue
slue's
slued
slues
slug
slug's
sluggard
sluggard's
sluggards
slugged
slugger
slugger's
sluggers
slugging
sluggish
sluggishly
sluggishness
sluggishness's
slugs
sluice
sluice's
sluiced
sluices
sluicing
sluing
slum
slum's
slumber
slumber's
slumbered
slumbering
slumberous
slumbers
slumbrous
slumlord
slumlord's
slumlords
slummed
slummer
slumming
slump
slump's
slumped
slumping
slumps
slums
slung
slunk
slur
slur's
slurp
slurp's
slurped
slurping
slurps
slurred
slurring
slurs
slush
slush's
slushier
slushiest
slushy
slut
slut's
sluts
sluttish
sly
slyer
slyest
slyly
slyness
slyness's
smack
smack's
smacked
smacker
smacker's
smackers
smacking
smacks
small
small's
smaller
smallest
smallish
smallness
smallness's
smallpox
smallpox's
smalls
smarmier
smarmiest
smarmy
smart
smart's
smarted
smarten
smartened
smartening
smartens
smarter
smartest
smarting
smartly
smartness
smartness's
smarts
smarts's
smash
smash's
smashed
smashes
smashing
smattering
smattering's
smatterings
smear
smear's
smeared
smearing
smears
smell
smell's
smelled
smellier
smelliest
smelling
smells
smelly
smelt
smelt's
smelted
smelter
smelter's
smelters
smelting
smelts
smidge
smidge's
smidgen
smidgen's
smidgens
smidgeon
smidgeon's
smidgeons
smidges
smidgin
smidgin's
smidgins
smile
smile's
smiled
smiles
smiling
smilingly
smirch
smirch's
smirched
smirches
smirching
smirk
smirk's
smirked
smirking
smirks
smit
smite
smites
smith
smith's
smithereens
smithereens's
smithies
smiths
smithy
smithy's
smiting
smitten
smock
smock's
smocked
smocking
smocking's
smocks
smog
smog's
smoggier
smoggiest
smoggy
smoke
smoke's
smoked
smokehouse
smokehouse's
smokehouses
smokeless
smoker
smoker's
smokers
smokes
smokestack
smokestack's
smokestacks
smokier
smokiest
smokiness
smokiness's
smoking
smoking's
smoky
smolder
smolder's
smoldered
smoldering
smolders
smooch
smooch's
smooched
smooches
smooching
smooth
smoothed
smoother
smoothes
smoothest
smoothing
smoothly
smoothness
smoothness's
smooths
smote
smother
smother's
smothered
smothering
smothers
smoulder
smoulder's
smouldered
smouldering
smoulders
smudge
smudge's
smudged
smudges
smudgier
smudgiest
smudging
smudgy
smug
smugger
smuggest
smuggle
smuggled
smuggler
smuggler's
smugglers
smuggles
smuggling
smuggling's
smugly
smugness
smugness's
smut
smut's
smuts
smuttier
smuttiest
smutty
smörgåsbord
smörgåsbord's
smörgåsbords
snack
snack's
snacked
snacking
snacks
snaffle
snaffle's
snaffled
snaffles
snaffling
snafu
snafu's
snafus
snag
snag's
snagged
snagging
snags
snail
snail's
snailed
snailing
snails
snake
snake's
snakebite
snakebite's
snakebites
snaked
snakes
snakier
snakiest
snaking
snaky
snap
snap's
snapdragon
snapdragon's
snapdragons
snapped
snapper
snapper's
snappers
snappier
snappiest
snapping
snappish
snappy
snaps
snapshot
snapshot's
snapshots
snare
snare's
snared
snares
snaring
snarl
snarl's
snarled
snarling
snarls
snatch
snatch's
snatched
snatches
snatching
snazzier
snazziest
snazzy
sneak
sneak's
sneaked
sneaker
sneaker's
sneakers
sneakier
sneakiest
sneaking
sneaks
sneaky
sneer
sneer's
sneered
sneering
sneeringly
sneers
sneeze
sneeze's
sneezed
sneezes
sneezing
snicker
snicker's
snickered
snickering
snickers
snide
snider
snidest
sniff
sniff's
sniffed
sniffing
sniffle
sniffle's
sniffled
sniffles
sniffling
sniffs
snifter
snifter's
snifters
snigger
snigger's
sniggered
sniggering
sniggers
snip
snip's
snipe
snipe's
sniped
sniper
sniper's
snipers
snipes
sniping
snipped
snippet
snippet's
snippets
snippier
snippiest
snipping
snippy
snips
snit
snit's
snitch
snitch's
snitched
snitches
snitching
snits
snivel
snivel's
sniveled
sniveling
snivelled
snivelling
snivels
snob
snob's
snobbery
snobbery's
snobbier
snobbiest
snobbish
snobbishness
snobbishness's
snobby
snobs
snooker
snoop
snoop's
snooped
snooper
snooper's
snoopers
snoopier
snoopiest
snooping
snoops
snoopy
snoot
snoot's
snootier
snootiest
snootiness
snootiness's
snoots
snooty
snooze
snooze's
snoozed
snoozes
snoozing
snore
snore's
snored
snorer
snorer's
snorers
snores
snoring
snorkel
snorkel's
snorkeled
snorkeler
snorkeler's
snorkelers
snorkeling
snorkeling's
snorkelled
snorkelling
snorkels
snort
snort's
snorted
snorting
snorts
snot
snot's
snots
snottier
snottiest
snotty
snout
snout's
snouts
snow
snow's
snowball
snowball's
snowballed
snowballing
snowballs
snowboard
snowboard's
snowboarded
snowboarding
snowboarding's
snowboards
snowbound
snowdrift
snowdrift's
snowdrifts
snowdrop
snowdrop's
snowdrops
snowed
snowfall
snowfall's
snowfalls
snowflake
snowflake's
snowflakes
snowier
snowiest
snowing
snowman
snowman's
snowmen
snowmobile
snowmobile's
snowmobiled
snowmobiles
snowmobiling
snowplow
snowplow's
snowplowed
snowplowing
snowplows
snows
snowshed
snowshoe
snowshoe's
snowshoeing
snowshoes
snowstorm
snowstorm's
snowstorms
snowsuit
snowsuit's
snowsuits
snowy
snub
snub's
snubbed
snubbing
snubs
snuck
snuff
snuff's
snuffbox
snuffbox's
snuffboxes
snuffed
snuffer
snuffer's
snuffers
snuffing
snuffle
snuffle's
snuffled
snuffles
snuffling
snuffs
snug
snug's
snugged
snugger
snuggest
snugging
snuggle
snuggle's
snuggled
snuggles
snuggling
snugly
snugs
so
so's
soak
soak's
soaked
soaking
soaking's
soakings
soaks
soap
soap's
soapbox
soapbox's
soapboxes
soaped
soapier
soapiest
soapiness
soapiness's
soaping
soaps
soapstone
soapstone's
soapsuds
soapsuds's
soapy
soar
soar's
soared
soaring
soars
sob
sob's
sobbed
sobbing
sober
sobered
soberer
soberest
sobering
soberly
soberness
soberness's
sobers
sobriety
sobriety's
sobriquet
sobriquet's
sobriquets
sobs
soccer
soccer's
sociability
sociability's
sociable
sociable's
sociables
sociably
social
social's
socialism
socialism's
socialist
socialist's
socialistic
socialists
socialite
socialite's
socialites
socialization
socialization's
socialize
socialized
socializes
socializing
socially
socials
societal
societies
society
society's
socioeconomic
sociological
sociologist
sociologist's
sociologists
sociology
sociology's
sociopath
sociopath's
sociopaths
sock
sock's
socked
socket
socket's
sockets
socking
socks
sod
sod's
soda
soda's
sodas
sodded
sodden
sodding
sodium
sodium's
sodomite
sodomite's
sodomites
sodomy
sodomy's
sods
sofa
sofa's
sofas
soft
softball
softball's
softballs
soften
softened
softener
softener's
softeners
softening
softens
softer
softest
softhearted
softie
softie's
softies
softly
softness
softness's
software
software's
softwood
softwood's
softwoods
softy
softy's
soggier
soggiest
soggily
sogginess
sogginess's
soggy
soil
soil's
soiled
soiling
soils
soirée
soirée's
soirées
sojourn
sojourn's
sojourned
sojourning
sojourns
sol
sol's
solace
solace's
solaced
solaces
solacing
solar
solaria
solarium
solarium's
solariums
sold
solder
solder's
soldered
soldering
solders
soldier
soldier's
soldiered
soldiering
soldierly
soldiers
sole
sole's
solecism
solecism's
solecisms
soled
solely
solemn
solemner
solemnest
solemnity
solemnity's
solemnize
solemnized
solemnizes
solemnizing
solemnly
solenoid
solenoid's
solenoids
soles
soli
solicit
solicitation
solicitation's
solicitations
solicited
soliciting
solicitor
solicitor's
solicitors
solicitous
solicitously
solicits
solicitude
solicitude's
solid
solid's
solidarity
solidarity's
solider
solidest
solidification
solidification's
solidified
solidifies
solidify
solidifying
solidity
solidity's
solidly
solidness
solidness's
solids
soliloquies
soliloquize
soliloquized
soliloquizes
soliloquizing
soliloquy
soliloquy's
soling
solitaire
solitaire's
solitaires
solitaries
solitary
solitary's
solitude
solitude's
solo
solo's
soloed
soloing
soloist
soloist's
soloists
solos
sols
solstice
solstice's
solstices
solubility
solubility's
soluble
soluble's
solubles
solution
solution's
solutions
solvable
solve
solved
solvency
solvency's
solvent
solvent's
solvents
solver
solver's
solvers
solves
solving
somber
somberly
sombre
sombrely
sombrero
sombrero's
sombreros
some
somebodies
somebody
somebody's
someday
somehow
someone
someone's
someones
someplace
somersault
somersault's
somersaulted
somersaulting
somersaults
something
something's
somethings
sometime
sometimes
someway
somewhat
somewhats
somewhere
somnambulism
somnambulism's
somnambulist
somnambulist's
somnambulists
somnolence
somnolence's
somnolent
son
son's
sonar
sonar's
sonars
sonata
sonata's
sonatas
song
song's
songbird
songbird's
songbirds
songs
songster
songster's
songsters
songwriter
songwriter's
songwriters
sonic
sonnet
sonnet's
sonnets
sonnies
sonny
sonny's
sonority
sonority's
sonorous
sons
soon
sooner
soonest
soot
soot's
sooth
sooth's
soothe
soothed
soothes
soothing
soothingly
soothsayer
soothsayer's
soothsayers
sootier
sootiest
sooty
sop
sop's
sophism
sophism's
sophist
sophist's
sophisticate
sophisticate's
sophisticated
sophisticates
sophisticating
sophistication
sophistication's
sophistries
sophistry
sophistry's
sophists
sophomore
sophomore's
sophomores
sophomoric
soporific
soporific's
soporifics
sopped
soppier
soppiest
sopping
soppy
soprano
soprano's
sopranos
sops
sorbet
sorbet's
sorbets
sorcerer
sorcerer's
sorcerers
sorceress
sorceress's
sorceresses
sorcery
sorcery's
sordid
sordidly
sordidness
sordidness's
sore
sore's
sorehead
sorehead's
soreheads
sorely
soreness
soreness's
sorer
sores
sorest
sorghum
sorghum's
sororities
sorority
sorority's
sorrel
sorrel's
sorrels
sorrier
sorriest
sorrow
sorrow's
sorrowed
sorrowful
sorrowfully
sorrowing
sorrows
sorry
sort
sort's
sorta
sorted
sorter
sorter's
sorters
sortie
sortie's
sortied
sortieing
sorties
sorting
sorts
sos
sot
sot's
sots
sottish
sou'wester
soubriquet
soubriquet's
soubriquets
soufflé
soufflé's
soufflés
sough
sough's
soughed
soughing
soughs
sought
soul
soul's
soulful
soulfully
soulfulness
soulfulness's
soulless
souls
sound
sound's
sounded
sounder
soundest
sounding
sounding's
soundings
soundless
soundlessly
soundly
soundness
soundness's
soundproof
soundproofed
soundproofing
soundproofs
sounds
soundtrack
soundtrack's
soundtracks
soup
soup's
souped
soupier
soupiest
souping
soups
soupy
soupçon
soupçon's
soupçons
sour
sour's
source
source's
sourced
sources
sourcing
sourdough
sourdough's
sourdoughs
soured
sourer
sourest
souring
sourly
sourness
sourness's
sourpuss
sourpuss's
sourpusses
sours
souse
souse's
soused
souses
sousing
south
south's
southbound
southeast
southeast's
southeasterly
southeastern
southeastward
southerlies
southerly
southerly's
southern
southern's
southerner
southerner's
southerners
southernmost
southerns
southpaw
southpaw's
southpaws
southward
southward's
southwards
southwest
southwest's
southwester
southwester's
southwesterly
southwestern
southwesters
southwestward
souvenir
souvenir's
souvenirs
sovereign
sovereign's
sovereigns
sovereignty
sovereignty's
soviet
soviet's
soviets
sow
sow's
sowed
sower
sower's
sowers
sowing
sown
sows
sox
soy
soy's
soya
soya's
soybean
soybean's
soybeans
spa
spa's
space
space's
spacecraft
spacecraft's
spacecrafts
spaced
spaceflight
spaceflight's
spaceflights
spaceman
spaceman's
spacemen
spaces
spaceship
spaceship's
spaceships
spacesuit
spacesuit's
spacesuits
spacewalk
spacewalk's
spacewalked
spacewalking
spacewalks
spacey
spacial
spacier
spaciest
spacing
spacing's
spacious
spaciously
spaciousness
spaciousness's
spacy
spade
spade's
spaded
spadeful
spadeful's
spadefuls
spades
spadework
spadework's
spading
spaghetti
spaghetti's
spake
spammer
spammer's
spammers
span
span's
spandex
spandex's
spangle
spangle's
spangled
spangles
spangling
spaniel
spaniel's
spaniels
spank
spank's
spanked
spanking
spanking's
spankings
spanks
spanned
spanner
spanner's
spanners
spanning
spans
spar
spar's
spare
spare's
spared
sparely
spareness
spareness's
sparer
spareribs
spareribs's
spares
sparest
sparing
sparingly
spark
spark's
sparked
sparking
sparkle
sparkle's
sparkled
sparkler
sparkler's
sparklers
sparkles
sparkling
sparks
sparred
sparring
sparrow
sparrow's
sparrows
spars
sparse
sparsely
sparseness
sparseness's
sparser
sparsest
sparsity
sparsity's
spartan
spas
spasm
spasm's
spasmodic
spasmodically
spasms
spastic
spastic's
spastics
spat
spat's
spate
spate's
spates
spatial
spatially
spats
spatted
spatter
spatter's
spattered
spattering
spatters
spatting
spatula
spatula's
spatulas
spawn
spawn's
spawned
spawning
spawns
spay
spayed
spaying
spays
speak
speakeasies
speakeasy
speakeasy's
speaker
speaker's
speakers
speaking
speaks
spear
spear's
speared
spearhead
spearhead's
spearheaded
spearheading
spearheads
spearing
spearmint
spearmint's
spears
spec
spec's
specced
speccing
special
special's
specialist
specialist's
specialists
specialization
specialization's
specializations
specialize
specialized
specializes
specializing
specially
specials
specialties
specialty
specialty's
specie
specie's
species
species's
specifiable
specific
specific's
specifically
specification
specification's
specifications
specifics
specified
specifier
specifiers
specifies
specify
specifying
specimen
specimen's
specimens
specious
speciously
speck
speck's
specked
specking
speckle
speckle's
speckled
speckles
speckling
specks
specs
specs's
spectacle
spectacle's
spectacles
spectacles's
spectacular
spectacular's
spectacularly
spectaculars
spectator
spectator's
spectators
specter
specter's
specters
spectra
spectral
spectroscope
spectroscope's
spectroscopes
spectroscopic
spectroscopy
spectroscopy's
spectrum
spectrum's
spectrums
speculate
speculated
speculates
speculating
speculation
speculation's
speculations
speculative
speculator
speculator's
speculators
sped
speech
speech's
speeches
speechless
speed
speed's
speedboat
speedboat's
speedboats
speeded
speeder
speeder's
speeders
speedier
speediest
speedily
speeding
speeding's
speedometer
speedometer's
speedometers
speeds
speedster
speedster's
speedsters
speedup
speedup's
speedups
speedway
speedway's
speedways
speedy
spell
spell's
spellbind
spellbinder
spellbinder's
spellbinders
spellbinding
spellbinds
spellbound
spelled
speller
speller's
spellers
spelling
spelling's
spellings
spells
spelt
spelunker
spelunker's
spelunkers
spend
spender
spender's
spenders
spending
spending's
spends
spendthrift
spendthrift's
spendthrifts
spent
sperm
sperm's
spermatozoa
spermatozoon
spermatozoon's
spermicide
spermicide's
spermicides
sperms
spew
spew's
spewed
spewing
spews
sphere
sphere's
spheres
spherical
spheroid
spheroid's
spheroidal
spheroids
sphincter
sphincter's
sphincters
sphinges
sphinx
sphinx's
sphinxes
spice
spice's
spiced
spices
spicier
spiciest
spiciness
spiciness's
spicing
spicy
spider
spider's
spiderier
spideriest
spiders
spidery
spied
spiel
spiel's
spieled
spieling
spiels
spies
spiffier
spiffiest
spiffy
spigot
spigot's
spigots
spike
spike's
spiked
spikes
spikier
spikiest
spiking
spiky
spill
spill's
spillage
spillage's
spillages
spilled
spilling
spills
spillway
spillway's
spillways
spilt
spin
spin's
spinach
spinach's
spinal
spinal's
spinals
spindle
spindle's
spindled
spindles
spindlier
spindliest
spindling
spindly
spine
spine's
spineless
spines
spinet
spinet's
spinets
spinier
spiniest
spinnaker
spinnaker's
spinnakers
spinner
spinner's
spinners
spinning
spinoff
spinoff's
spinoffs
spins
spinster
spinster's
spinsterhood
spinsterhood's
spinsters
spiny
spiraea
spiraea's
spiraeas
spiral
spiral's
spiraled
spiraling
spiralled
spiralling
spirally
spirals
spire
spire's
spirea
spirea's
spireas
spires
spirit
spirit's
spirited
spiriting
spiritless
spirits
spiritual
spiritual's
spiritualism
spiritualism's
spiritualist
spiritualist's
spiritualistic
spiritualists
spirituality
spirituality's
spiritually
spirituals
spirituous
spit
spit's
spitball
spitball's
spitballs
spite
spite's
spited
spiteful
spitefuller
spitefullest
spitefully
spitefulness
spitefulness's
spites
spitfire
spitfire's
spitfires
spiting
spits
spitted
spitting
spittle
spittle's
spittoon
spittoon's
spittoons
splash
splash's
splashdown
splashdown's
splashdowns
splashed
splashes
splashier
splashiest
splashing
splashy
splat
splat's
splats
splatted
splatter
splatter's
splattered
splattering
splatters
splatting
splay
splay's
splayed
splaying
splays
spleen
spleen's
spleens
splendid
splendider
splendidest
splendidly
splendor
splendor's
splenetic
splice
splice's
spliced
splicer
splicer's
splicers
splices
splicing
spline
splines
splint
splint's
splinted
splinter
splinter's
splintered
splintering
splinters
splinting
splints
split
split's
splits
splitting
splitting's
splittings
splodge
splotch
splotch's
splotched
splotches
splotchier
splotchiest
splotching
splotchy
splurge
splurge's
splurged
splurges
splurging
splutter
splutter's
spluttered
spluttering
splutters
spoil
spoil's
spoilage
spoilage's
spoiled
spoiler
spoiler's
spoilers
spoiling
spoils
spoilsport
spoilsport's
spoilsports
spoilt
spoke
spoke's
spoken
spokes
spokesman
spokesman's
spokesmen
spokespeople
spokesperson
spokesperson's
spokespersons
spokeswoman
spokeswoman's
spokeswomen
spoliation
spoliation's
sponge
sponge's
sponged
sponger
sponger's
spongers
sponges
spongier
spongiest
sponging
spongy
sponsor
sponsor's
sponsored
sponsoring
sponsors
sponsorship
sponsorship's
spontaneity
spontaneity's
spontaneous
spontaneously
spoof
spoof's
spoofed
spoofing
spoofs
spook
spook's
spooked
spookier
spookiest
spooking
spooks
spooky
spool
spool's
spooled
spooling
spools
spoon
spoon's
spoonbill
spoonbill's
spoonbills
spooned
spoonerism
spoonerism's
spoonerisms
spoonful
spoonful's
spoonfuls
spooning
spoons
spoonsful
spoor
spoor's
spoored
spooring
spoors
sporadic
sporadically
spore
spore's
spored
spores
sporing
sporran
sport
sport's
sported
sportier
sportiest
sporting
sportive
sports
sportscast
sportscast's
sportscaster
sportscaster's
sportscasters
sportscasting
sportscasts
sportsman
sportsman's
sportsmanlike
sportsmanship
sportsmanship's
sportsmen
sportswear
sportswear's
sportswoman
sportswoman's
sportswomen
sporty
spot
spot's
spotless
spotlessly
spotlessness
spotlessness's
spotlight
spotlight's
spotlighted
spotlighting
spotlights
spots
spotted
spotter
spotter's
spotters
spottier
spottiest
spottiness
spottiness's
spotting
spotty
spouse
spouse's
spouses
spout
spout's
spouted
spouting
spouts
sprain
sprain's
sprained
spraining
sprains
sprang
sprat
sprat's
sprats
sprawl
sprawl's
sprawled
sprawling
sprawls
spray
spray's
sprayed
sprayer
sprayer's
sprayers
spraying
sprays
spread
spread's
spreader
spreader's
spreaders
spreading
spreads
spreadsheet
spreadsheet's
spreadsheets
spree
spree's
spreed
spreeing
sprees
sprier
spriest
sprig
sprig's
sprightlier
sprightliest
sprightliness
sprightliness's
sprightly
sprigs
spring
spring's
springboard
springboard's
springboards
springier
springiest
springiness
springiness's
springing
springs
springtime
springtime's
springy
sprinkle
sprinkle's
sprinkled
sprinkler
sprinkler's
sprinklers
sprinkles
sprinkling
sprinkling's
sprinklings
sprint
sprint's
sprinted
sprinter
sprinter's
sprinters
sprinting
sprints
sprite
sprite's
sprites
spritz
spritz's
spritzed
spritzes
spritzing
sprocket
sprocket's
sprockets
sprout
sprout's
sprouted
sprouting
sprouts
spruce
spruce's
spruced
sprucer
spruces
sprucest
sprucing
sprung
spry
spryer
spryest
spryly
spryness
spryness's
spud
spud's
spuds
spume
spume's
spumed
spumes
spuming
spumone
spumone's
spumoni
spumoni's
spun
spunk
spunk's
spunkier
spunkiest
spunky
spur
spur's
spurious
spuriously
spuriousness
spuriousness's
spurn
spurned
spurning
spurns
spurred
spurring
spurs
spurt
spurt's
spurted
spurting
spurts
sputter
sputter's
sputtered
sputtering
sputters
sputum
sputum's
spy
spy's
spyglass
spyglass's
spyglasses
spying
squab
squab's
squabble
squabble's
squabbled
squabbles
squabbling
squabs
squad
squad's
squadron
squadron's
squadrons
squads
squalid
squalider
squalidest
squall
squall's
squalled
squalling
squalls
squalor
squalor's
squander
squandered
squandering
squanders
square
square's
squared
squarely
squareness
squareness's
squarer
squares
squarest
squaring
squash
squash's
squashed
squashes
squashier
squashiest
squashing
squashy
squat
squat's
squats
squatted
squatter
squatter's
squatters
squattest
squatting
squaw
squaw's
squawk
squawk's
squawked
squawking
squawks
squaws
squeak
squeak's
squeaked
squeakier
squeakiest
squeaking
squeaks
squeaky
squeal
squeal's
squealed
squealer
squealer's
squealers
squealing
squeals
squeamish
squeamishly
squeamishness
squeamishness's
squeegee
squeegee's
squeegeed
squeegeeing
squeegees
squeeze
squeeze's
squeezed
squeezer
squeezer's
squeezers
squeezes
squeezing
squelch
squelch's
squelched
squelches
squelching
squid
squid's
squids
squiggle
squiggle's
squiggled
squiggles
squigglier
squiggliest
squiggling
squiggly
squint
squint's
squinted
squinter
squintest
squinting
squints
squire
squire's
squired
squires
squiring
squirm
squirm's
squirmed
squirmier
squirmiest
squirming
squirms
squirmy
squirrel
squirrel's
squirreled
squirreling
squirrelled
squirrelling
squirrels
squirt
squirt's
squirted
squirting
squirts
squish
squish's
squished
squishes
squishier
squishiest
squishing
squishy
stab
stab's
stabbed
stabbing
stabbing's
stabbings
stability
stability's
stabilization
stabilization's
stabilize
stabilized
stabilizer
stabilizer's
stabilizers
stabilizes
stabilizing
stable
stable's
stabled
stabler
stables
stablest
stabling
stabs
staccati
staccato
staccato's
staccatos
stack
stack's
stacked
stacking
stacks
stadia
stadium
stadium's
stadiums
staff
staff's
staffed
staffer
staffer's
staffers
staffing
staffing's
staffs
stag
stag's
stage
stage's
stagecoach
stagecoach's
stagecoaches
staged
stagehand
stagehand's
stagehands
stages
stagflation
stagflation's
stagger
stagger's
staggered
staggering
staggeringly
staggers
staging
staging's
stagings
stagnant
stagnate
stagnated
stagnates
stagnating
stagnation
stagnation's
stags
staid
staider
staidest
staidly
stain
stain's
stained
staining
stainless
stainless's
stains
stair
stair's
staircase
staircase's
staircases
stairs
stairway
stairway's
stairways
stairwell
stairwell's
stairwells
stake
stake's
staked
stakeout
stakeout's
stakeouts
stakes
staking
stalactite
stalactite's
stalactites
stalagmite
stalagmite's
stalagmites
stale
staled
stalemate
stalemate's
stalemated
stalemates
stalemating
staleness
staleness's
staler
stales
stalest
staling
stalk
stalk's
stalked
stalker
stalker's
stalkers
stalking
stalking's
stalkings
stalks
stall
stall's
stalled
stalling
stallion
stallion's
stallions
stalls
stalwart
stalwart's
stalwarts
stamen
stamen's
stamens
stamina
stamina's
stammer
stammer's
stammered
stammerer
stammerer's
stammerers
stammering
stammers
stamp
stamp's
stamped
stampede
stampede's
stampeded
stampedes
stampeding
stamping
stamps
stance
stance's
stances
stanch
stanched
stancher
stanches
stanchest
stanching
stanchion
stanchion's
stanchions
stand
stand's
standard
standard's
standardization
standardization's
standardize
standardized
standardizes
standardizing
standards
standby
standby's
standbys
standing
standing's
standings
standoff
standoff's
standoffish
standoffs
standout
standout's
standouts
standpoint
standpoint's
standpoints
stands
standstill
standstill's
standstills
stank
stanza
stanza's
stanzas
staph
staph's
staphylococci
staphylococcus
staphylococcus's
staple
staple's
stapled
stapler
stapler's
staplers
staples
stapling
star
star's
starboard
starboard's
starch
starch's
starched
starches
starchier
starchiest
starching
starchy
stardom
stardom's
stare
stare's
stared
stares
starfish
starfish's
starfishes
stargazer
stargazer's
stargazers
staring
stark
starker
starkest
starkly
starkness
starkness's
starless
starlet
starlet's
starlets
starlight
starlight's
starling
starling's
starlings
starlit
starred
starrier
starriest
starring
starry
stars
start
start's
started
starter
starter's
starters
starting
startle
startled
startles
startling
startlingly
starts
starvation
starvation's
starve
starved
starves
starving
starvings
stash
stash's
stashed
stashes
stashing
stat's
state
state's
stated
statehood
statehood's
statehouse
statehouse's
statehouses
stateless
statelier
stateliest
stateliness
stateliness's
stately
statement
statement's
statements
stater
stateroom
stateroom's
staterooms
states
stateside
statesman
statesman's
statesmanlike
statesmanship
statesmanship's
statesmen
statewide
static
static's
statically
stating
station
station's
stationary
stationed
stationer
stationer's
stationers
stationery
stationery's
stationing
stations
statistic
statistic's
statistical
statistically
statistician
statistician's
statisticians
statistics
stats
statuary
statuary's
statue
statue's
statues
statuesque
statuette
statuette's
statuettes
stature
stature's
statures
status
status's
statuses
statute
statute's
statutes
statutory
staunch
staunched
stauncher
staunches
staunchest
staunching
staunchly
stave
stave's
staved
staves
staving
stay
stay's
stayed
staying
stays
stead
stead's
steadfast
steadfastly
steadfastness
steadfastness's
steadied
steadier
steadies
steadiest
steadily
steadiness
steadiness's
steads
steady
steady's
steadying
steak
steak's
steakhouse
steakhouse's
steakhouses
steaks
steal
steal's
stealing
steals
stealth
stealth's
stealthier
stealthiest
stealthily
stealthy
steam
steam's
steamboat
steamboat's
steamboats
steamed
steamer
steamer's
steamers
steamier
steamiest
steaming
steamroll
steamrolled
steamroller
steamroller's
steamrollered
steamrollering
steamrollers
steamrolling
steamrolls
steams
steamship
steamship's
steamships
steamy
steed
steed's
steeds
steel
steel's
steeled
steelier
steeliest
steeling
steels
steely
steep
steep's
steeped
steeper
steepest
steeping
steeple
steeple's
steeplechase
steeplechase's
steeplechases
steeplejack
steeplejack's
steeplejacks
steeples
steeply
steepness
steepness's
steeps
steer
steer's
steerage
steerage's
steered
steering
steering's
steers
stein
stein's
steins
stellar
stem
stem's
stemmed
stemming
stems
stench
stench's
stenches
stencil
stencil's
stenciled
stenciling
stencilled
stencilling
stencils
stenographer
stenographer's
stenographers
stenographic
stenography
stenography's
stentorian
step
step's
stepbrother
stepbrother's
stepbrothers
stepchild
stepchild's
stepchildren
stepdaughter
stepdaughter's
stepdaughters
stepfather
stepfather's
stepfathers
stepladder
stepladder's
stepladders
stepmother
stepmother's
stepmothers
stepparent
stepparent's
stepparents
steppe
steppe's
stepped
steppes
stepping
steppingstone
steppingstone's
steppingstones
steps
stepsister
stepsister's
stepsisters
stepson
stepson's
stepsons
stereo
stereo's
stereophonic
stereos
stereoscope
stereoscope's
stereoscopes
stereotype
stereotype's
stereotyped
stereotypes
stereotypical
stereotyping
sterile
sterility
sterility's
sterilization
sterilization's
sterilize
sterilized
sterilizer
sterilizer's
sterilizers
sterilizes
sterilizing
sterling
sterling's
stern
stern's
sterna
sterner
sternest
sternly
sternness
sternness's
sterns
sternum
sternum's
sternums
steroid
steroid's
steroids
stethoscope
stethoscope's
stethoscopes
stevedore
stevedore's
stevedores
stew
stew's
steward
steward's
stewarded
stewardess
stewardess's
stewardesses
stewarding
stewards
stewardship
stewardship's
stewed
stewing
stews
stick
stick's
sticker
sticker's
stickers
stickier
stickies
stickiest
stickiness
stickiness's
sticking
stickleback
stickleback's
sticklebacks
stickler
stickler's
sticklers
stickpin
stickpin's
stickpins
sticks
stickup
stickup's
stickups
sticky
sticky's
sties
stiff
stiff's
stiffed
stiffen
stiffened
stiffener
stiffener's
stiffeners
stiffening
stiffens
stiffer
stiffest
stiffing
stiffly
stiffness
stiffness's
stiffs
stifle
stifled
stifles
stifling
stiflings
stigma
stigma's
stigmas
stigmata
stigmatize
stigmatized
stigmatizes
stigmatizing
stile
stile's
stiles
stiletto
stiletto's
stilettoes
stilettos
still
still's
stillbirth
stillbirth's
stillbirths
stillborn
stilled
stiller
stillest
stilling
stillness
stillness's
stills
stilt
stilt's
stilted
stilts
stimulant
stimulant's
stimulants
stimulate
stimulated
stimulates
stimulating
stimulation
stimulation's
stimuli
stimulus
stimulus's
sting
sting's
stinger
stinger's
stingers
stingier
stingiest
stingily
stinginess
stinginess's
stinging
stingray
stingray's
stingrays
stings
stingy
stink
stink's
stinker
stinker's
stinkers
stinking
stinks
stint
stint's
stinted
stinting
stints
stipend
stipend's
stipends
stipple
stipple's
stippled
stipples
stippling
stipulate
stipulated
stipulates
stipulating
stipulation
stipulation's
stipulations
stir
stir's
stirred
stirrer
stirrer's
stirrers
stirring
stirrings
stirrup
stirrup's
stirrups
stirs
stitch
stitch's
stitched
stitches
stitching
stitching's
stoat
stoat's
stoats
stochastic
stock
stock's
stockade
stockade's
stockaded
stockades
stockading
stockbroker
stockbroker's
stockbrokers
stocked
stockholder
stockholder's
stockholders
stockier
stockiest
stockiness
stockiness's
stocking
stocking's
stockings
stockpile
stockpile's
stockpiled
stockpiles
stockpiling
stockroom
stockroom's
stockrooms
stocks
stocky
stockyard
stockyard's
stockyards
stodgier
stodgiest
stodginess
stodginess's
stodgy
stoic
stoic's
stoical
stoically
stoicism
stoicism's
stoics
stoke
stoked
stoker
stoker's
stokers
stokes
stoking
stole
stole's
stolen
stoles
stolid
stolider
stolidest
stolidity
stolidity's
stolidly
stomach
stomach's
stomachache
stomachache's
stomachaches
stomached
stomaching
stomachs
stomp
stomp's
stomped
stomping
stomps
stone
stone's
stoned
stones
stonewall
stonewalled
stonewalling
stonewalls
stoneware
stoneware's
stonework
stonework's
stoney
stonier
stoniest
stonily
stoning
stony
stood
stooge
stooge's
stooges
stool
stool's
stools
stoop
stoop's
stooped
stooping
stoops
stop
stop's
stopcock
stopcock's
stopcocks
stopgap
stopgap's
stopgaps
stoplight
stoplight's
stoplights
stopover
stopover's
stopovers
stoppable
stoppage
stoppage's
stoppages
stopped
stopper
stopper's
stoppered
stoppering
stoppers
stopping
stops
stopwatch
stopwatch's
stopwatches
storage
storage's
store
store's
stored
storefront
storefront's
storefronts
storehouse
storehouse's
storehouses
storekeeper
storekeeper's
storekeepers
storeroom
storeroom's
storerooms
stores
storey
storey's
storeys
storied
stories
storing
stork
stork's
storks
storm
storm's
stormed
stormier
stormiest
stormily
storminess
storminess's
storming
storms
stormy
story
story's
storybook
storybook's
storybooks
storyteller
storyteller's
storytellers
stout
stout's
stouter
stoutest
stoutly
stoutness
stoutness's
stove
stove's
stovepipe
stovepipe's
stovepipes
stoves
stow
stowaway
stowaway's
stowaways
stowed
stowing
stows
straddle
straddle's
straddled
straddles
straddling
strafe
strafe's
strafed
strafes
strafing
straggle
straggled
straggler
straggler's
stragglers
straggles
stragglier
straggliest
straggling
straggly
straight
straight's
straightaway
straightaway's
straightaways
straightedge
straightedge's
straightedges
straighten
straightened
straightening
straightens
straighter
straightest
straightforward
straightforwardly
straightjacket
straightjacket's
straightjacketed
straightjacketing
straightjackets
straightness
straightness's
straights
strain
strain's
strained
strainer
strainer's
strainers
straining
strains
strait
strait's
straiten
straitened
straitening
straitens
straitjacket
straitjacket's
straitjacketed
straitjacketing
straitjackets
straits
strand
strand's
stranded
stranding
strands
strange
strangely
strangeness
strangeness's
stranger
stranger's
strangers
strangest
strangle
strangled
stranglehold
stranglehold's
strangleholds
strangler
strangler's
stranglers
strangles
strangling
strangulate
strangulated
strangulates
strangulating
strangulation
strangulation's
strap
strap's
strapless
strapless's
straplesses
strapped
strapping
strapping's
straps
strata
stratagem
stratagem's
stratagems
strategic
strategically
strategies
strategist
strategist's
strategists
strategy
strategy's
stratification
stratification's
stratified
stratifies
stratify
stratifying
stratosphere
stratosphere's
stratospheres
stratum
stratum's
stratums
straw
straw's
strawberries
strawberry
strawberry's
strawed
strawing
straws
stray
stray's
strayed
straying
strays
streak
streak's
streaked
streakier
streakiest
streaking
streaks
streaky
stream
stream's
streamed
streamer
streamer's
streamers
streaming
streamline
streamlined
streamlines
streamlining
streams
street
street's
streetcar
streetcar's
streetcars
streetlight
streetlight's
streetlights
streets
streetwalker
streetwalker's
streetwalkers
streetwise
strength
strength's
strengthen
strengthened
strengthening
strengthens
strengths
strenuous
strenuously
strenuousness
strenuousness's
strep
strep's
streptococcal
streptococci
streptococcus
streptococcus's
streptomycin
streptomycin's
stress
stress's
stressed
stresses
stressful
stressing
stretch
stretch's
stretched
stretcher
stretcher's
stretchers
stretches
stretchier
stretchiest
stretching
stretchy
strew
strewed
strewing
strewn
strews
striated
stricken
strict
stricter
strictest
strictly
strictness
strictness's
stricture
stricture's
strictures
stridden
stride
stride's
strident
stridently
strides
striding
strife
strife's
strike
strike's
strikeout
strikeout's
strikeouts
striker
striker's
strikers
strikes
striking
strikingly
strikings
string
string's
stringed
stringency
stringency's
stringent
stringently
stringer
stringer's
stringers
stringier
stringiest
stringing
strings
stringy
strip
strip's
stripe
stripe's
striped
stripes
striping
stripling
stripling's
striplings
stripped
stripper
stripper's
strippers
stripping
strips
stript
striptease
striptease's
stripteased
stripteases
stripteasing
strive
strived
striven
strives
striving
strobe
strobe's
strobes
strode
stroke
stroke's
stroked
strokes
stroking
stroll
stroll's
strolled
stroller
stroller's
strollers
strolling
strolls
strong
strongbox
strongbox's
strongboxes
stronger
strongest
stronghold
stronghold's
strongholds
strongly
strontium
strontium's
strop
strop's
strophe
strophe's
strophes
stropped
stropping
strops
strove
struck
structural
structuralist
structurally
structure
structure's
structured
structures
structuring
strudel
strudel's
strudels
struggle
struggle's
struggled
struggles
struggling
strum
strum's
strummed
strumming
strumpet
strumpet's
strumpets
strums
strung
strut
strut's
struts
strutted
strutting
strychnine
strychnine's
stub
stub's
stubbed
stubbier
stubbiest
stubbing
stubble
stubble's
stubblier
stubbliest
stubbly
stubborn
stubborner
stubbornest
stubbornly
stubbornness
stubbornness's
stubby
stubs
stucco
stucco's
stuccoed
stuccoes
stuccoing
stuccos
stuck
stud
stud's
studded
studding
student
student's
students
studentship
studentships
studied
studies
studio
studio's
studios
studious
studiously
studs
study
study's
studying
stuff
stuff's
stuffed
stuffier
stuffiest
stuffily
stuffiness
stuffiness's
stuffing
stuffing's
stuffs
stuffy
stultification
stultification's
stultified
stultifies
stultify
stultifying
stumble
stumble's
stumbled
stumbler
stumbler's
stumblers
stumbles
stumbling
stump
stump's
stumped
stumpier
stumpiest
stumping
stumps
stumpy
stun
stung
stunk
stunned
stunning
stunningly
stuns
stunt
stunt's
stunted
stunting
stunts
stupefaction
stupefaction's
stupefied
stupefies
stupefy
stupefying
stupendous
stupendously
stupid
stupid's
stupider
stupidest
stupidities
stupidity
stupidity's
stupidly
stupids
stupor
stupor's
stupors
sturdier
sturdiest
sturdily
sturdiness
sturdiness's
sturdy
sturgeon
sturgeon's
sturgeons
stutter
stutter's
stuttered
stutterer
stutterer's
stutterers
stuttering
stutters
sty
sty's
stye
stye's
styes
style
style's
styled
styles
styli
styling
stylish
stylishly
stylishness
stylishness's
stylist
stylist's
stylistic
stylistically
stylists
stylize
stylized
stylizes
stylizing
stylus
stylus's
styluses
stymie
stymie's
stymied
stymieing
stymies
stymying
styptic
styptic's
styptics
suave
suavely
suaver
suavest
suavity
suavity's
sub
sub's
subatomic
subbasement
subbasement's
subbasements
subbed
subbing
subclass
subcommittee
subcommittee's
subcommittees
subcompact
subcompact's
subcompacts
subconscious
subconscious's
subconsciously
subcontinent
subcontinent's
subcontinents
subcontract
subcontract's
subcontracted
subcontracting
subcontractor
subcontractor's
subcontractors
subcontracts
subculture
subculture's
subcultures
subcutaneous
subdivide
subdivided
subdivides
subdividing
subdivision
subdivision's
subdivisions
subdue
subdued
subdues
subduing
subgroup
subgroup's
subgroups
subhead
subhead's
subheading
subheading's
subheadings
subheads
subhuman
subhuman's
subhumans
subject
subject's
subjected
subjecting
subjection
subjection's
subjective
subjectively
subjectivity
subjectivity's
subjects
subjoin
subjoined
subjoining
subjoins
subjugate
subjugated
subjugates
subjugating
subjugation
subjugation's
subjunctive
subjunctive's
subjunctives
sublease
sublease's
subleased
subleases
subleasing
sublet
sublet's
sublets
subletting
sublimate
sublimated
sublimates
sublimating
sublimation
sublimation's
sublime
sublimed
sublimely
sublimer
sublimes
sublimest
subliminal
subliminally
subliming
sublimity
sublimity's
submarine
submarine's
submarines
submerge
submerged
submergence
submergence's
submerges
submerging
submerse
submersed
submerses
submersible
submersible's
submersibles
submersing
submersion
submersion's
submission
submission's
submissions
submissive
submit
submits
submitted
submitter
submitting
subnormal
suborbital
subordinate
subordinate's
subordinated
subordinates
subordinating
subordination
subordination's
suborn
subornation
subornation's
suborned
suborning
suborns
subplot
subplot's
subplots
subpoena
subpoena's
subpoenaed
subpoenaing
subpoenas
subprogram
subprograms
subroutine
subroutine's
subroutines
subs
subscribe
subscribed
subscriber
subscriber's
subscribers
subscribes
subscribing
subscript
subscript's
subscription
subscription's
subscriptions
subscripts
subsection
subsection's
subsections
subsequent
subsequently
subservience
subservience's
subservient
subset
subset's
subsets
subside
subsided
subsidence
subsidence's
subsides
subsidiaries
subsidiary
subsidiary's
subsidies
subsiding
subsidization
subsidization's
subsidize
subsidized
subsidizes
subsidizing
subsidy
subsidy's
subsist
subsisted
subsistence
subsistence's
subsisting
subsists
subsoil
subsoil's
subsonic
subspace
substance
substance's
substances
substandard
substantial
substantially
substantiate
substantiated
substantiates
substantiating
substantiation
substantiation's
substantiations
substantive
substantive's
substantives
substation
substation's
substations
substitute
substitute's
substituted
substitutes
substituting
substitution
substitution's
substitutions
substrata
substrate
substratum
substratum's
substratums
substructure
substructure's
substructures
subsume
subsumed
subsumes
subsuming
subsystem
subsystem's
subsystems
subteen
subteen's
subteens
subterfuge
subterfuge's
subterfuges
subterranean
subtitle
subtitle's
subtitled
subtitles
subtitling
subtle
subtler
subtlest
subtleties
subtlety
subtlety's
subtly
subtotal
subtotal's
subtotaled
subtotaling
subtotalled
subtotalling
subtotals
subtract
subtracted
subtracting
subtraction
subtraction's
subtractions
subtracts
subtrahend
subtrahend's
subtrahends
subtropical
suburb
suburb's
suburban
suburban's
suburbanite
suburbanite's
suburbanites
suburbans
suburbia
suburbia's
suburbs
subversion
subversion's
subversive
subversive's
subversives
subvert
subverted
subverting
subverts
subway
subway's
subways
succeed
succeeded
succeeding
succeeds
success
success's
successes
successful
successfully
succession
succession's
successions
successive
successively
successor
successor's
successors
succinct
succincter
succinctest
succinctly
succinctness
succinctness's
succor
succor's
succored
succoring
succors
succotash
succotash's
succulence
succulence's
succulent
succulent's
succulents
succumb
succumbed
succumbing
succumbs
such
suchlike
suck
suck's
sucked
sucker
sucker's
suckered
suckering
suckers
sucking
suckle
suckled
suckles
suckling
suckling's
sucklings
sucks
sucrose
sucrose's
suction
suction's
suctioned
suctioning
suctions
sudden
suddenly
suddenness
suddenness's
suds
suds's
sudsier
sudsiest
sudsy
sue
sued
suede
suede's
sues
suet
suet's
suffer
sufferance
sufferance's
suffered
sufferer
sufferer's
sufferers
suffering
suffering's
sufferings
suffers
suffice
sufficed
suffices
sufficiency
sufficiency's
sufficient
sufficiently
sufficing
suffix
suffix's
suffixed
suffixes
suffixing
suffocate
suffocated
suffocates
suffocating
suffocation
suffocation's
suffragan
suffragan's
suffragans
suffrage
suffrage's
suffragette
suffragette's
suffragettes
suffragist
suffragist's
suffragists
suffuse
suffused
suffuses
suffusing
suffusion
suffusion's
sugar
sugar's
sugarcane
sugarcane's
sugarcoat
sugarcoated
sugarcoating
sugarcoats
sugared
sugarier
sugariest
sugaring
sugarless
sugars
sugary
suggest
suggested
suggester
suggestible
suggesting
suggestion
suggestion's
suggestions
suggestive
suggestively
suggests
suicidal
suicide
suicide's
suicides
suing
suit
suit's
suitability
suitability's
suitable
suitably
suitcase
suitcase's
suitcases
suite
suite's
suited
suites
suiting
suiting's
suitor
suitor's
suitors
suits
sukiyaki
sukiyaki's
sulfate
sulfate's
sulfates
sulfide
sulfide's
sulfides
sulfur
sulfur's
sulfured
sulfuric
sulfuring
sulfurous
sulfurs
sulk
sulk's
sulked
sulkier
sulkies
sulkiest
sulkily
sulkiness
sulkiness's
sulking
sulks
sulky
sulky's
sullen
sullener
sullenest
sullenly
sullenness
sullenness's
sullied
sullies
sully
sullying
sulphur
sulphur's
sulphured
sulphuring
sulphurous
sulphurs
sultan
sultan's
sultana
sultana's
sultanas
sultanate
sultanate's
sultanates
sultans
sultrier
sultriest
sultry
sum
sum's
sumac
sumac's
sumach
sumach's
summaries
summarily
summarize
summarized
summarizes
summarizing
summary
summary's
summation
summation's
summations
summed
summer
summer's
summered
summerhouse
summerhouse's
summerhouses
summerier
summeriest
summering
summers
summertime
summertime's
summery
summing
summit
summit's
summitry
summitry's
summits
summon
summoned
summoner
summoner's
summoners
summoning
summons
summons's
summonsed
summonses
summonsing
sumo
sumo's
sump
sump's
sumps
sumptuous
sums
sun
sun's
sunbathe
sunbathed
sunbather
sunbather's
sunbathers
sunbathes
sunbathing
sunbathing's
sunbeam
sunbeam's
sunbeams
sunblock
sunblock's
sunblocks
sunbonnet
sunbonnet's
sunbonnets
sunburn
sunburn's
sunburned
sunburning
sunburns
sunburnt
sundae
sundae's
sundaes
sunder
sundered
sundering
sunders
sundial
sundial's
sundials
sundown
sundown's
sundowns
sundries
sundries's
sundry
sunfish
sunfish's
sunfishes
sunflower
sunflower's
sunflowers
sung
sunglasses
sunglasses's
sunk
sunken
sunlamp
sunlamp's
sunlamps
sunless
sunlight
sunlight's
sunlit
sunned
sunnier
sunniest
sunning
sunny
sunrise
sunrise's
sunrises
sunroof
sunroof's
sunroofs
suns
sunscreen
sunscreen's
sunscreens
sunset
sunset's
sunsets
sunshine
sunshine's
sunspot
sunspot's
sunspots
sunstroke
sunstroke's
suntan
suntan's
suntanned
suntanning
suntans
sunup
sunup's
sup
sup's
super
super's
superabundance
superabundance's
superabundances
superabundant
superannuate
superannuated
superannuates
superannuating
superb
superber
superbest
superbly
supercharge
supercharged
supercharger
supercharger's
superchargers
supercharges
supercharging
supercilious
supercomputer
supercomputer's
supercomputers
superconductivity
superconductivity's
superconductor
superconductor's
superconductors
superego
superego's
superegos
superficial
superficiality
superficiality's
superficially
superfluity
superfluity's
superfluous
superhighway
superhighway's
superhighways
superhuman
superimpose
superimposed
superimposes
superimposing
superintend
superintended
superintendence
superintendence's
superintendency
superintendency's
superintendent
superintendent's
superintendents
superintending
superintends
superior
superior's
superiority
superiority's
superiors
superlative
superlative's
superlatively
superlatives
superman
superman's
supermarket
supermarket's
supermarkets
supermen
supernatural
supernaturals
supernova
supernova's
supernovae
supernovas
supernumeraries
supernumerary
supernumerary's
superpower
superpower's
superpowers
supers
superscript
superscript's
superscripts
supersede
superseded
supersedes
superseding
supersonic
superstar
superstar's
superstars
superstition
superstition's
superstitions
superstitious
superstitiously
superstructure
superstructure's
superstructures
supertanker
supertanker's
supertankers
supervene
supervened
supervenes
supervening
supervise
supervised
supervises
supervising
supervision
supervision's
supervisions
supervisor
supervisor's
supervisors
supervisory
supine
supped
supper
supper's
suppers
supping
supplant
supplanted
supplanting
supplants
supple
supplement
supplement's
supplemental
supplementary
supplemented
supplementing
supplements
suppleness
suppleness's
suppler
supplest
suppliant
suppliant's
suppliants
supplicant
supplicant's
supplicants
supplicate
supplicated
supplicates
supplicating
supplication
supplication's
supplications
supplied
supplier
supplier's
suppliers
supplies
supply
supply's
supplying
support
support's
supportable
supported
supporter
supporter's
supporters
supporting
supportive
supports
suppose
supposed
supposedly
supposes
supposing
supposition
supposition's
suppositions
suppositories
suppository
suppository's
suppress
suppressed
suppresses
suppressing
suppression
suppression's
suppurate
suppurated
suppurates
suppurating
suppuration
suppuration's
supranational
supremacist
supremacist's
supremacists
supremacy
supremacy's
supreme
supremely
sups
surcease
surcease's
surceased
surceases
surceasing
surcharge
surcharge's
surcharged
surcharges
surcharging
sure
surefire
surefooted
surely
sureness
sureness's
surer
surest
sureties
surety
surety's
surf
surf's
surface
surface's
surfaced
surfaces
surfacing
surfboard
surfboard's
surfboarded
surfboarding
surfboards
surfed
surfeit
surfeit's
surfeited
surfeiting
surfeits
surfer
surfer's
surfers
surfing
surfing's
surfs
surge
surge's
surged
surgeon
surgeon's
surgeons
surgeries
surgery
surgery's
surges
surgical
surgically
surging
surlier
surliest
surliness
surliness's
surly
surmise
surmise's
surmised
surmises
surmising
surmount
surmountable
surmounted
surmounting
surmounts
surname
surname's
surnames
surpass
surpassed
surpasses
surpassing
surplice
surplice's
surplices
surplus
surplus's
surplused
surpluses
surplusing
surplussed
surplussing
surprise
surprise's
surprised
surprises
surprising
surprisingly
surprisings
surreal
surrealism
surrealism's
surrealist
surrealist's
surrealistic
surrealists
surrender
surrender's
surrendered
surrendering
surrenders
surreptitious
surreptitiously
surrey
surrey's
surreys
surrogate
surrogate's
surrogates
surround
surrounded
surrounding
surrounding's
surroundings
surroundings's
surrounds
surtax
surtax's
surtaxed
surtaxes
surtaxing
surveillance
surveillance's
survey
survey's
surveyed
surveying
surveyor
surveyor's
surveyors
surveys
survival
survival's
survivals
survive
survived
survives
surviving
survivor
survivor's
survivors
susceptibility
susceptibility's
susceptible
sushi
sushi's
suspect
suspect's
suspected
suspecting
suspects
suspend
suspended
suspender
suspender's
suspenders
suspending
suspends
suspense
suspense's
suspenseful
suspension
suspension's
suspensions
suspicion
suspicion's
suspicions
suspicious
suspiciously
sustain
sustainable
sustained
sustaining
sustains
sustenance
sustenance's
suture
suture's
sutured
sutures
suturing
svelte
svelter
sveltest
swab
swab's
swabbed
swabbing
swabs
swaddle
swaddled
swaddles
swaddling
swag
swag's
swagged
swagger
swagger's
swaggered
swaggerer
swaggering
swaggers
swagging
swags
swain
swain's
swains
swallow
swallow's
swallowed
swallowing
swallows
swallowtail
swallowtail's
swallowtails
swam
swami
swami's
swamis
swamp
swamp's
swamped
swampier
swampiest
swamping
swamps
swampy
swan
swan's
swank
swank's
swanked
swanker
swankest
swankier
swankiest
swanking
swanks
swanky
swans
swap
swap's
swapped
swapping
swaps
sward
sward's
swards
swarm
swarm's
swarmed
swarming
swarms
swarthier
swarthiest
swarthy
swash
swash's
swashbuckler
swashbuckler's
swashbucklers
swashbuckling
swashbuckling's
swashed
swashes
swashing
swastika
swastika's
swastikas
swat
swat's
swatch
swatch's
swatches
swath
swath's
swathe
swathe's
swathed
swathes
swathing
swaths
swats
swatted
swatter
swatter's
swattered
swattering
swatters
swatting
sway
sway's
swaybacked
swayed
swaying
sways
swear
swearer
swearer's
swearers
swearing
swears
swearword
swearword's
swearwords
sweat
sweat's
sweater
sweater's
sweaters
sweatier
sweatiest
sweating
sweatpants
sweatpants's
sweats
sweats's
sweatshirt
sweatshirt's
sweatshirts
sweatshop
sweatshop's
sweatshops
sweaty
sweep
sweep's
sweeper
sweeper's
sweepers
sweeping
sweeping's
sweepings
sweepings's
sweeps
sweepstake
sweepstake's
sweepstakes
sweepstakes's
sweet
sweet's
sweetbread
sweetbread's
sweetbreads
sweetbriar
sweetbriar's
sweetbriars
sweetbrier
sweetbrier's
sweetbriers
sweeten
sweetened
sweetener
sweetener's
sweeteners
sweetening
sweetening's
sweetens
sweeter
sweetest
sweetheart
sweetheart's
sweethearts
sweetie
sweetie's
sweeties
sweetish
sweetly
sweetmeat
sweetmeat's
sweetmeats
sweetness
sweetness's
sweets
swell
swell's
swelled
sweller
swellest
swellhead
swellhead's
swellheaded
swellheads
swelling
swelling's
swellings
swells
swelter
swelter's
sweltered
sweltering
swelters
swept
swerve
swerve's
swerved
swerves
swerving
swift
swift's
swifter
swiftest
swiftly
swiftness
swiftness's
swifts
swig
swig's
swigged
swigging
swigs
swill
swill's
swilled
swilling
swills
swim
swim's
swimmer
swimmer's
swimmers
swimming
swimming's
swims
swimsuit
swimsuit's
swimsuits
swindle
swindle's
swindled
swindler
swindler's
swindlers
swindles
swindling
swine
swine's
swines
swing
swing's
swinger
swinger's
swingers
swinging
swings
swinish
swipe
swipe's
swiped
swipes
swiping
swirl
swirl's
swirled
swirlier
swirliest
swirling
swirls
swirly
swish
swish's
swished
swisher
swishes
swishest
swishing
switch
switch's
switchable
switchback
switchback's
switchbacks
switchblade
switchblade's
switchblades
switchboard
switchboard's
switchboards
switched
switcher
switches
switching
swivel
swivel's
swiveled
swiveling
swivelled
swivelling
swivels
swollen
swoon
swoon's
swooned
swooning
swoons
swoop
swoop's
swooped
swooping
swoops
swop
swop's
swopped
swopping
swops
sword
sword's
swordfish
swordfish's
swordfishes
swordplay
swordplay's
swords
swordsman
swordsman's
swordsmen
swore
sworn
swum
swung
sybarite
sybarite's
sybarites
sybaritic
sycamore
sycamore's
sycamores
sycophant
sycophant's
sycophantic
sycophants
syllabi
syllabic
syllabication
syllabication's
syllabification
syllabification's
syllabified
syllabifies
syllabify
syllabifying
syllable
syllable's
syllables
syllabus
syllabus's
syllabuses
syllogism
syllogism's
syllogisms
syllogistic
sylph
sylph's
sylphs
sylvan
symbioses
symbiosis
symbiosis's
symbiotic
symbol
symbol's
symbolic
symbolically
symbolism
symbolism's
symbolization
symbolization's
symbolize
symbolized
symbolizes
symbolizing
symbols
symmetric
symmetrical
symmetrically
symmetricly
symmetries
symmetry
symmetry's
sympathetic
sympathetically
sympathies
sympathies's
sympathize
sympathized
sympathizer
sympathizer's
sympathizers
sympathizes
sympathizing
sympathy
sympathy's
symphonic
symphonies
symphony
symphony's
symposia
symposium
symposium's
symposiums
symptom
symptom's
symptomatic
symptoms
synagog
synagog's
synagogs
synagogue
synagogue's
synagogues
synapse
synapse's
synapses
sync
sync's
synced
synch
synch's
synched
synches
synching
synchronization
synchronization's
synchronizations
synchronize
synchronized
synchronizes
synchronizing
synchronous
synchronously
synchs
syncing
syncopate
syncopated
syncopates
syncopating
syncopation
syncopation's
syncs
syndicate
syndicate's
syndicated
syndicates
syndicating
syndication
syndication's
syndrome
syndrome's
syndromes
synergism
synergism's
synergistic
synergy
synergy's
synod
synod's
synods
synonym
synonym's
synonymous
synonyms
synopses
synopsis
synopsis's
syntactic
syntactical
syntactically
syntax
syntax's
syntheses
synthesis
synthesis's
synthesize
synthesized
synthesizer
synthesizer's
synthesizers
synthesizes
synthesizing
synthetic
synthetic's
synthetically
synthetics
syphilis
syphilis's
syphilitic
syphilitic's
syphilitics
syphon
syphon's
syphoned
syphoning
syphons
syringe
syringe's
syringed
syringes
syringing
syrup
syrup's
syrups
syrupy
system
system's
systematic
systematically
systematize
systematized
systematizes
systematizing
systemic
systemic's
systemics
systems
systolic
séance
séance's
séances
t
tab
tab's
tabbed
tabbies
tabbing
tabby
tabby's
tabernacle
tabernacle's
tabernacles
table
table's
tableau
tableau's
tableaus
tableaux
tablecloth
tablecloth's
tablecloths
tabled
tableland
tableland's
tablelands
tables
tablespoon
tablespoon's
tablespoonful
tablespoonful's
tablespoonfuls
tablespoons
tablespoonsful
tablet
tablet's
tablets
tableware
tableware's
tabling
tabloid
tabloid's
tabloids
taboo
taboo's
tabooed
tabooing
taboos
tabs
tabu
tabu's
tabued
tabuing
tabular
tabulate
tabulated
tabulates
tabulating
tabulation
tabulation's
tabulator
tabulator's
tabulators
tabus
tachometer
tachometer's
tachometers
tacit
tacitly
tacitness
tacitness's
taciturn
taciturnity
taciturnity's
tack
tack's
tacked
tackier
tackiest
tackiness
tackiness's
tacking
tackle
tackle's
tackled
tackler
tackler's
tacklers
tackles
tackling
tacks
tacky
taco
taco's
tacos
tact
tact's
tactful
tactfully
tactic
tactic's
tactical
tactically
tactician
tactician's
tacticians
tactics
tactile
tactless
tactlessly
tactlessness
tactlessness's
tad
tad's
tadpole
tadpole's
tadpoles
tads
taffeta
taffeta's
taffies
taffy
taffy's
tag
tag's
tagged
tagging
tags
tail
tail's
tailcoat
tailcoat's
tailcoats
tailed
tailgate
tailgate's
tailgated
tailgates
tailgating
tailing
tailless
taillight
taillight's
taillights
tailor
tailor's
tailored
tailoring
tailoring's
tailors
tailpipe
tailpipe's
tailpipes
tails
tailspin
tailspin's
tailspins
tailwind
tailwind's
tailwinds
taint
taint's
tainted
tainting
taints
take
take's
takeaways
taken
takeoff
takeoff's
takeoffs
takeout
takeout's
takeouts
takeover
takeover's
takeovers
taker
taker's
takers
takes
taking
taking's
takings
takings's
talc
talc's
tale
tale's
talent
talent's
talented
talents
tales
talisman
talisman's
talismans
talk
talk's
talkative
talkativeness
talkativeness's
talked
talker
talker's
talkers
talking
talks
tall
taller
tallest
tallied
tallies
tallness
tallness's
tallow
tallow's
tally
tally's
tallyho
tallyho's
tallyhoed
tallyhoing
tallyhos
tallying
talon
talon's
talons
tam
tam's
tamable
tamale
tamale's
tamales
tamarind
tamarind's
tamarinds
tambourine
tambourine's
tambourines
tame
tameable
tamed
tamely
tameness
tameness's
tamer
tamer's
tamers
tames
tamest
taming
tamp
tamped
tamper
tampered
tampering
tampers
tamping
tampon
tampon's
tampons
tamps
tams
tan
tan's
tanager
tanager's
tanagers
tandem
tandem's
tandems
tang
tang's
tangelo
tangelo's
tangelos
tangent
tangent's
tangential
tangents
tangerine
tangerine's
tangerines
tangibility
tangibility's
tangible
tangible's
tangibles
tangibly
tangier
tangiest
tangle
tangle's
tangled
tangles
tangling
tango
tango's
tangoed
tangoing
tangos
tangs
tangy
tank
tank's
tankard
tankard's
tankards
tanked
tanker
tanker's
tankers
tankful
tankful's
tankfuls
tanking
tanks
tanned
tanner
tanner's
tanneries
tanners
tannery
tannery's
tannest
tannin
tannin's
tanning
tans
tansy
tansy's
tantalize
tantalized
tantalizes
tantalizing
tantalizingly
tantamount
tantrum
tantrum's
tantrums
tap
tap's
tape
tape's
taped
taper
taper's
tapered
tapering
tapers
tapes
tapestries
tapestry
tapestry's
tapeworm
tapeworm's
tapeworms
taping
tapioca
tapioca's
tapir
tapir's
tapirs
tapped
tapping
taproom
taproom's
taprooms
taproot
taproot's
taproots
taps
tar
tar's
tarantula
tarantula's
tarantulae
tarantulas
tardier
tardiest
tardily
tardiness
tardiness's
tardy
tare
tare's
tared
tares
target
target's
targeted
targeting
targets
tariff
tariff's
tariffs
taring
tarmac
tarmac's
tarmacked
tarmacking
tarmacs
tarnish
tarnish's
tarnished
tarnishes
tarnishing
taro
taro's
taros
tarot
tarot's
tarots
tarp
tarp's
tarpaulin
tarpaulin's
tarpaulins
tarpon
tarpon's
tarpons
tarps
tarragon
tarragon's
tarragons
tarred
tarried
tarrier
tarries
tarriest
tarring
tarry
tarrying
tars
tart
tart's
tartan
tartan's
tartans
tartar
tartar's
tartars
tarter
tartest
tartly
tartness
tartness's
tarts
task
task's
tasked
tasking
taskmaster
taskmaster's
taskmasters
tasks
tassel
tassel's
tasseled
tasseling
tasselled
tasselling
tassels
taste
taste's
tasted
tasteful
tastefully
tasteless
tastelessly
tastelessness
tastelessness's
taster
taster's
tasters
tastes
tastier
tastiest
tastiness
tastiness's
tasting
tasty
tat
tats
tatted
tatter
tatter's
tattered
tattering
tatters
tatting
tatting's
tattle
tattle's
tattled
tattler
tattler's
tattlers
tattles
tattletale
tattletale's
tattletales
tattling
tattoo
tattoo's
tattooed
tattooing
tattooist
tattooist's
tattooists
tattoos
tatty
taught
taunt
taunt's
taunted
taunting
taunts
taupe
taupe's
taut
tauter
tautest
tautly
tautness
tautness's
tautological
tautologies
tautology
tautology's
tavern
tavern's
taverns
tawdrier
tawdriest
tawdriness
tawdriness's
tawdry
tawnier
tawniest
tawny
tawny's
tax
tax's
taxable
taxation
taxation's
taxed
taxes
taxi
taxi's
taxicab
taxicab's
taxicabs
taxidermist
taxidermist's
taxidermists
taxidermy
taxidermy's
taxied
taxies
taxiing
taxing
taxis
taxonomic
taxonomies
taxonomy
taxonomy's
taxpayer
taxpayer's
taxpayers
taxying
tea
tea's
teabag
teach
teachable
teacher
teacher's
teachers
teaches
teaching
teaching's
teachings
teacup
teacup's
teacups
teak
teak's
teakettle
teakettle's
teakettles
teaks
teal
teal's
teals
team
team's
teamed
teaming
teammate
teammate's
teammates
teams
teamster
teamster's
teamsters
teamwork
teamwork's
teapot
teapot's
teapots
tear
tear's
teardrop
teardrop's
teardrops
teared
tearful
tearfully
teargas
teargas's
teargases
teargassed
teargasses
teargassing
tearier
teariest
tearing
tearjerker
tearjerker's
tearjerkers
tearoom
tearoom's
tearooms
tears
teary
teas
tease
tease's
teased
teasel
teasel's
teasels
teaser
teaser's
teasers
teases
teasing
teaspoon
teaspoon's
teaspoonful
teaspoonful's
teaspoonfuls
teaspoons
teaspoonsful
teat
teat's
teatime
teats
teazel
teazel's
teazels
teazle
teazle's
teazles
tech's
technical
technicalities
technicality
technicality's
technically
technician
technician's
technicians
technique
technique's
techniques
technocracy
technocracy's
technocrat
technocrat's
technocrats
technological
technologically
technologies
technologist
technologist's
technologists
technology
technology's
techs
tectonics
tectonics's
tedious
tediously
tediousness
tediousness's
tedium
tedium's
tee
tee's
teed
teeing
teem
teemed
teeming
teems
teen
teen's
teenage
teenaged
teenager
teenager's
teenagers
teenier
teeniest
teens
teensier
teensiest
teensy
teeny
teepee
teepee's
teepees
tees
teeter
teeter's
teetered
teetering
teeters
teeth
teethe
teethed
teethes
teething
teetotal
teetotaler
teetotaler's
teetotalers
teetotaller
teetotaller's
teetotallers
telecast
telecast's
telecasted
telecaster
telecaster's
telecasters
telecasting
telecasts
telecommunication
telecommunication's
telecommunications
telecommunications's
telecommute
telecommuted
telecommuter
telecommuter's
telecommuters
telecommutes
telecommuting
telecommuting's
teleconference
teleconference's
teleconferenced
teleconferences
teleconferencing
telegram
telegram's
telegrams
telegraph
telegraph's
telegraphed
telegrapher
telegrapher's
telegraphers
telegraphic
telegraphing
telegraphs
telegraphy
telegraphy's
telekinesis
telekinesis's
telemarketing
telemarketing's
telemeter
telemeter's
telemeters
telemetries
telemetry
telemetry's
telepathic
telepathically
telepathy
telepathy's
telephone
telephone's
telephoned
telephones
telephonic
telephoning
telephony
telephony's
telephoto
telephoto's
telephotos
telescope
telescope's
telescoped
telescopes
telescopic
telescoping
telethon
telethon's
telethons
teletype
teletypes
teletypewriter
teletypewriter's
teletypewriters
televangelist
televangelist's
televangelists
televise
televised
televises
televising
television
television's
televisions
telex
telex's
telexed
telexes
telexing
tell
teller
teller's
tellers
telling
tellingly
tells
telltale
telltale's
telltales
temblor
temblor's
temblors
temerity
temerity's
temp
temp's
temped
temper
temper's
tempera
tempera's
temperament
temperament's
temperamental
temperamentally
temperaments
temperance
temperance's
temperas
temperate
temperature
temperature's
temperatures
tempered
tempering
tempers
tempest
tempest's
tempests
tempestuous
tempestuously
tempestuousness
tempestuousness's
tempi
temping
template
template's
templates
temple
temple's
temples
tempo
tempo's
temporal
temporally
temporaries
temporarily
temporary
temporary's
temporize
temporized
temporizes
temporizing
tempos
temps
tempt
temptation
temptation's
temptations
tempted
tempter
tempter's
tempters
tempting
temptingly
temptress
temptress's
temptresses
tempts
tempura
tempura's
ten
ten's
tenability
tenability's
tenable
tenacious
tenaciously
tenacity
tenacity's
tenancies
tenancy
tenancy's
tenant
tenant's
tenanted
tenanting
tenants
tend
tended
tendencies
tendency
tendency's
tendentious
tendentiously
tendentiousness
tendentiousness's
tender
tender's
tendered
tenderer
tenderest
tenderfeet
tenderfoot
tenderfoot's
tenderfoots
tenderhearted
tendering
tenderize
tenderized
tenderizer
tenderizer's
tenderizers
tenderizes
tenderizing
tenderloin
tenderloin's
tenderloins
tenderly
tenderness
tenderness's
tenders
tending
tendinitis
tendinitis's
tendon
tendon's
tendonitis
tendonitis's
tendons
tendril
tendril's
tendrils
tends
tenement
tenement's
tenements
tenet
tenet's
tenets
tenfold
tennis
tennis's
tenon
tenon's
tenoned
tenoning
tenons
tenor
tenor's
tenors
tenpin
tenpin's
tenpins
tenpins's
tens
tense
tense's
tensed
tensely
tenseness
tenseness's
tenser
tenses
tensest
tensile
tensing
tension
tension's
tensions
tensor
tensors
tent
tent's
tentacle
tentacle's
tentacles
tentative
tentatively
tented
tenth
tenth's
tenths
tenting
tents
tenuous
tenuously
tenuousness
tenuousness's
tenure
tenure's
tenured
tenures
tenuring
tepee
tepee's
tepees
tepid
tequila
tequila's
tequilas
terabit
terabit's
terabits
terabyte
terabyte's
terabytes
tercentenaries
tercentenary
tercentenary's
term
term's
termagant
termagant's
termagants
termed
terminable
terminal
terminal's
terminally
terminals
terminate
terminated
terminates
terminating
termination
termination's
terminations
terminator
terminators
terming
termini
terminological
terminologies
terminology
terminology's
terminus
terminus's
terminuses
termite
termite's
termites
termly
terms
tern
tern's
terns
terrace
terrace's
terraced
terraces
terracing
terrain
terrain's
terrains
terrapin
terrapin's
terrapins
terraria
terrarium
terrarium's
terrariums
terrestrial
terrestrial's
terrestrials
terrible
terribly
terrier
terrier's
terriers
terrific
terrifically
terrified
terrifies
terrify
terrifying
terrifyingly
territorial
territorial's
territorials
territories
territory
territory's
terror
terror's
terrorism
terrorism's
terrorist
terrorist's
terrorists
terrorize
terrorized
terrorizes
terrorizing
terrors
terry
terry's
terse
tersely
terseness
terseness's
terser
tersest
tertiary
test
test's
testable
testament
testament's
testamentary
testaments
testate
testates
tested
tester
tester's
testers
testes
testicle
testicle's
testicles
testier
testiest
testified
testifies
testify
testifying
testily
testimonial
testimonial's
testimonials
testimonies
testimony
testimony's
testiness
testiness's
testing
testis
testis's
testosterone
testosterone's
tests
testy
tetanus
tetanus's
tether
tether's
tethered
tethering
tethers
tetrahedra
tetrahedron
tetrahedron's
tetrahedrons
text
text's
textbook
textbook's
textbooks
textile
textile's
textiles
texts
textual
textually
textural
texture
texture's
textured
textures
texturing
thalami
thalamus
thalamus's
thallium
thallium's
than
thank
thanked
thankful
thankfully
thankfulness
thankfulness's
thanking
thankless
thanklessly
thanks
thanksgiving
thanksgiving's
thanksgivings
that
that's
thatch
thatch's
thatched
thatcher
thatches
thatching
thatching's
thaw
thaw's
thawed
thawing
thaws
the
theater
theater's
theaters
theatre
theatre's
theatres
theatrical
theatrically
thee
thees
theft
theft's
thefts
their
theirs
theism
theism's
theist
theist's
theistic
theists
them
thematic
thematically
theme
theme's
themes
themselves
then
then's
thence
thenceforth
thenceforward
theocracies
theocracy
theocracy's
theocratic
theologian
theologian's
theologians
theological
theologies
theology
theology's
theorem
theorem's
theorems
theoretic
theoretical
theoretically
theoretician
theoretician's
theoreticians
theories
theorist
theorist's
theorists
theorize
theorized
theorizes
theorizing
theory
theory's
theosophy
theosophy's
therapeutic
therapeutically
therapeutics
therapeutics's
therapies
therapist
therapist's
therapists
therapy
therapy's
there
there's
thereabout
thereabouts
thereafter
thereby
therefore
therefrom
therein
thereof
thereon
thereto
thereupon
therewith
thermal
thermal's
thermally
thermals
thermionic
thermodynamic
thermodynamics
thermodynamics's
thermometer
thermometer's
thermometers
thermonuclear
thermoplastic
thermoplastic's
thermoplastics
thermos
thermos's
thermoses
thermostat
thermostat's
thermostatic
thermostats
thesauri
thesaurus
thesaurus's
thesauruses
these
theses
thesis
thesis's
thespian
thespian's
thespians
theta
they
they'd
they'll
they're
they've
thiamin
thiamin's
thiamine
thiamine's
thick
thick's
thicken
thickened
thickener
thickener's
thickeners
thickening
thickening's
thickenings
thickens
thicker
thickest
thicket
thicket's
thickets
thickly
thickness
thickness's
thicknesses
thickset
thief
thief's
thieve
thieved
thievery
thievery's
thieves
thieving
thievish
thigh
thigh's
thighbone
thighbone's
thighbones
thighs
thimble
thimble's
thimbleful
thimbleful's
thimblefuls
thimbles
thin
thine
thing
thing's
thingamajig
thingamajig's
thingamajigs
things
think
thinker
thinker's
thinkers
thinking
thinking's
thinks
thinly
thinned
thinner
thinner's
thinners
thinness
thinness's
thinnest
thinning
thins
third
third's
thirdly
thirds
thirst
thirst's
thirsted
thirstier
thirstiest
thirstily
thirsting
thirsts
thirsty
thirteen
thirteen's
thirteens
thirteenth
thirteenth's
thirteenths
thirties
thirtieth
thirtieth's
thirtieths
thirty
thirty's
this
thistle
thistle's
thistledown
thistledown's
thistles
thither
tho
thong
thong's
thongs
thoraces
thoracic
thorax
thorax's
thoraxes
thorium
thorium's
thorn
thorn's
thornier
thorniest
thorns
thorny
thorough
thoroughbred
thoroughbred's
thoroughbreds
thorougher
thoroughest
thoroughfare
thoroughfare's
thoroughfares
thoroughgoing
thoroughly
thoroughness
thoroughness's
those
thou
thou's
though
thought
thought's
thoughtful
thoughtfully
thoughtfulness
thoughtfulness's
thoughtless
thoughtlessly
thoughtlessness
thoughtlessness's
thoughts
thous
thousand
thousand's
thousands
thousandth
thousandth's
thousandths
thraldom
thraldom's
thrall
thrall's
thralldom
thralldom's
thralled
thralling
thralls
thrash
thrash's
thrashed
thrasher
thrasher's
thrashers
thrashes
thrashing
thrashing's
thrashings
thread
thread's
threadbare
threaded
threading
threads
threat
threat's
threaten
threatened
threatening
threateningly
threatens
threats
three
three's
threefold
threes
threescore
threescore's
threescores
threesome
threesome's
threesomes
threnodies
threnody
threnody's
thresh
thresh's
threshed
thresher
thresher's
threshers
threshes
threshing
threshold
threshold's
thresholds
threw
thrice
thrift
thrift's
thriftier
thriftiest
thriftily
thriftiness
thriftiness's
thrifts
thrifty
thrill
thrill's
thrilled
thriller
thriller's
thrillers
thrilling
thrills
thrive
thrived
thriven
thrives
thriving
throat
throat's
throatier
throatiest
throatily
throatiness
throatiness's
throats
throaty
throb
throb's
throbbed
throbbing
throbs
throe
throe's
throes
thromboses
thrombosis
thrombosis's
throne
throne's
thrones
throng
throng's
thronged
thronging
throngs
throttle
throttle's
throttled
throttles
throttling
through
throughout
throughput
throughway
throughway's
throughways
throve
throw
throw's
throwaway
throwaway's
throwaways
throwback
throwback's
throwbacks
thrower
thrower's
throwers
throwing
thrown
throws
thru
thrum
thrum's
thrummed
thrumming
thrums
thrush
thrush's
thrushes
thrust
thrust's
thrusting
thrusts
thruway
thruway's
thruways
thud
thud's
thudded
thudding
thuds
thug
thug's
thugs
thumb
thumb's
thumbed
thumbing
thumbnail
thumbnail's
thumbnails
thumbs
thumbscrew
thumbscrew's
thumbscrews
thumbtack
thumbtack's
thumbtacks
thump
thump's
thumped
thumping
thumps
thunder
thunder's
thunderbolt
thunderbolt's
thunderbolts
thunderclap
thunderclap's
thunderclaps
thundercloud
thundercloud's
thunderclouds
thundered
thunderhead
thunderhead's
thunderheads
thundering
thunderous
thunders
thundershower
thundershower's
thundershowers
thunderstorm
thunderstorm's
thunderstorms
thunderstruck
thus
thwack
thwack's
thwacked
thwacking
thwacks
thwart
thwart's
thwarted
thwarting
thwarts
thy
thyme
thyme's
thymi
thymus
thymus's
thymuses
thyroid
thyroid's
thyroids
thyself
ti
ti's
tiara
tiara's
tiaras
tibia
tibia's
tibiae
tibias
tic
tic's
tick
tick's
ticked
ticker
ticker's
tickers
ticket
ticket's
ticketed
ticketing
tickets
ticking
ticking's
tickle
tickle's
tickled
tickles
tickling
ticklish
ticks
tics
tidal
tidbit
tidbit's
tidbits
tiddlywinks
tiddlywinks's
tide
tide's
tided
tides
tidewater
tidewater's
tidewaters
tidied
tidier
tidies
tidiest
tidily
tidiness
tidiness's
tiding
tidings
tidings's
tidy
tidy's
tidying
tie
tie's
tiebreaker
tiebreaker's
tiebreakers
tied
tieing
tier
tier's
tiers
ties
tiff
tiff's
tiffed
tiffing
tiffs
tiger
tiger's
tigers
tight
tighten
tightened
tightening
tightens
tighter
tightest
tightfisted
tightly
tightness
tightness's
tightrope
tightrope's
tightropes
tights
tights's
tightwad
tightwad's
tightwads
tigress
tigress's
tigresses
tike
tike's
tikes
tilde
tilde's
tildes
tile
tile's
tiled
tiles
tiling
tiling's
till
till's
tillable
tillage
tillage's
tilled
tiller
tiller's
tillers
tilling
tills
tilt
tilt's
tilted
tilting
tilts
timber
timber's
timbered
timbering
timberland
timberland's
timberline
timberline's
timberlines
timbers
timbre
timbre's
timbres
time
time's
timed
timekeeper
timekeeper's
timekeepers
timeless
timelessness
timelessness's
timelier
timeliest
timeliness
timeliness's
timely
timepiece
timepiece's
timepieces
timer
timer's
timers
times
timescale
timescales
timetable
timetable's
timetabled
timetables
timetabling
timeworn
timezone
timid
timider
timidest
timidity
timidity's
timidly
timing
timing's
timings
timorous
timorously
timpani
timpani's
timpanist
timpanist's
timpanists
tin
tin's
tincture
tincture's
tinctured
tinctures
tincturing
tinder
tinder's
tinderbox
tinderbox's
tinderboxes
tine
tine's
tines
tinfoil
tinfoil's
ting
tinge
tinge's
tinged
tingeing
tinges
tinging
tingle
tingle's
tingled
tingles
tinglier
tingliest
tingling
tingling's
tinglings
tingly
tings
tinier
tiniest
tinker
tinker's
tinkered
tinkering
tinkers
tinkle
tinkle's
tinkled
tinkles
tinkling
tinned
tinnier
tinniest
tinning
tinny
tins
tinsel
tinsel's
tinseled
tinseling
tinselled
tinselling
tinsels
tinsmith
tinsmith's
tinsmiths
tint
tint's
tinted
tinting
tintinnabulation
tintinnabulation's
tintinnabulations
tints
tiny
tip
tip's
tipi
tipi's
tipis
tipped
tipper
tipper's
tippers
tipping
tipple
tipple's
tippled
tippler
tippler's
tipplers
tipples
tippling
tips
tipsier
tipsiest
tipsily
tipster
tipster's
tipsters
tipsy
tiptoe
tiptoe's
tiptoed
tiptoeing
tiptoes
tiptop
tiptop's
tiptops
tirade
tirade's
tirades
tire
tire's
tired
tireder
tiredest
tiredness
tiredness's
tireless
tirelessly
tirelessness
tirelessness's
tires
tiresome
tiresomely
tiresomeness
tiresomeness's
tiring
tiro
tiro's
tiros
tissue
tissue's
tissues
tit
tit's
titan
titan's
titanic
titanium
titanium's
titans
titbit
titbit's
titbits
tithe
tithe's
tithed
tithes
tithing
titillate
titillated
titillates
titillating
titillation
titillation's
title
title's
titled
titles
titling
titmice
titmouse
titmouse's
tits
titter
titter's
tittered
tittering
titters
tittle
tittle's
tittles
titular
tizzies
tizzy
tizzy's
to
toad
toad's
toadied
toadies
toads
toadstool
toadstool's
toadstools
toady
toady's
toadying
toast
toast's
toasted
toaster
toaster's
toasters
toastier
toastiest
toasting
toastmaster
toastmaster's
toastmasters
toasts
toasty
tobacco
tobacco's
tobaccoes
tobacconist
tobacconist's
tobacconists
tobaccos
toboggan
toboggan's
tobogganed
tobogganing
toboggans
tocsin
tocsin's
tocsins
today
today's
toddies
toddle
toddle's
toddled
toddler
toddler's
toddlers
toddles
toddling
toddy
toddy's
toe
toe's
toed
toehold
toehold's
toeholds
toeing
toenail
toenail's
toenails
toes
toffee
toffee's
toffees
toffies
toffy
toffy's
tofu
tofu's
tog
tog's
toga
toga's
togae
togas
together
togetherness
togetherness's
toggle
toggle's
toggled
toggles
toggling
togs
togs's
toil
toil's
toiled
toiler
toiler's
toilers
toilet
toilet's
toileted
toileting
toiletries
toiletry
toiletry's
toilets
toilette
toilette's
toiling
toils
toilsome
toke
toke's
toked
token
token's
tokenism
tokenism's
tokens
tokes
toking
told
tolerable
tolerably
tolerance
tolerance's
tolerances
tolerant
tolerantly
tolerate
tolerated
tolerates
tolerating
toleration
toleration's
toll
toll's
tollbooth
tollbooth's
tollbooths
tolled
tollgate
tollgate's
tollgates
tolling
tolls
tom
tom's
tomahawk
tomahawk's
tomahawked
tomahawking
tomahawks
tomato
tomato's
tomatoes
tomb
tomb's
tombed
tombing
tomboy
tomboy's
tomboys
tombs
tombstone
tombstone's
tombstones
tomcat
tomcat's
tomcats
tome
tome's
tomes
tomfooleries
tomfoolery
tomfoolery's
tomorrow
tomorrow's
tomorrows
toms
ton
ton's
tonal
tonalities
tonality
tonality's
tone
tone's
toned
toneless
toner
tones
tong
tong's
tongs
tongue
tongue's
tongued
tongues
tonguing
tonic
tonic's
tonics
tonier
toniest
tonight
tonight's
toning
tonnage
tonnage's
tonnages
tonne
tonne's
tonnes
tons
tonsil
tonsil's
tonsillectomies
tonsillectomy
tonsillectomy's
tonsillitis
tonsillitis's
tonsils
tonsorial
tonsure
tonsure's
tonsured
tonsures
tonsuring
tony
too
took
tool
tool's
toolbar
toolbox
toolbox's
toolboxes
tooled
tooling
toolkit
tools
toot
toot's
tooted
tooth
tooth's
toothache
toothache's
toothaches
toothbrush
toothbrush's
toothbrushes
toothed
toothier
toothiest
toothless
toothpaste
toothpaste's
toothpastes
toothpick
toothpick's
toothpicks
toothsome
toothy
tooting
toots
top
top's
topaz
topaz's
topazes
topcoat
topcoat's
topcoats
topic
topic's
topical
topically
topics
topknot
topknot's
topknots
topless
topmast
topmast's
topmasts
topmost
topographer
topographer's
topographers
topographic
topographical
topographies
topography
topography's
topological
topologically
topology
topped
topping
topping's
toppings
topple
toppled
topples
toppling
tops
topsail
topsail's
topsails
topside
topside's
topsides
topsoil
topsoil's
toque
toque's
toques
tor
tor's
torch
torch's
torched
torches
torching
torchlight
torchlight's
tore
toreador
toreador's
toreadors
torment
torment's
tormented
tormenter
tormenter's
tormenters
tormenting
tormentor
tormentor's
tormentors
torments
torn
tornado
tornado's
tornadoes
tornados
torpedo
torpedo's
torpedoed
torpedoes
torpedoing
torpedos
torpid
torpidity
torpidity's
torpor
torpor's
torque
torque's
torqued
torques
torquing
torrent
torrent's
torrential
torrents
torrid
torrider
torridest
tors
torsi
torsion
torsion's
torso
torso's
torsos
tort
tort's
torte
torte's
tortes
tortilla
tortilla's
tortillas
tortoise
tortoise's
tortoises
tortoiseshell
tortoiseshell's
tortoiseshells
torts
tortuous
tortuously
torture
torture's
tortured
torturer
torturer's
torturers
tortures
torturing
torus
toss
toss's
tossed
tosses
tossing
tossup
tossup's
tossups
tost
tot
tot's
total
total's
totaled
totaling
totalitarian
totalitarian's
totalitarianism
totalitarianism's
totalitarians
totalities
totality
totality's
totalled
totalling
totally
totals
tote
tote's
toted
totem
totem's
totemic
totems
totes
toting
tots
totted
totter
totter's
tottered
tottering
totters
totting
toucan
toucan's
toucans
touch
touch's
touchdown
touchdown's
touchdowns
touched
touches
touchier
touchiest
touching
touchingly
touchings
touchstone
touchstone's
touchstones
touchy
touché
tough
tough's
toughen
toughened
toughening
toughens
tougher
toughest
toughly
toughness
toughness's
toughs
toupee
toupee's
toupees
tour
tour's
toured
touring
tourism
tourism's
tourist
tourist's
tourists
tourmaline
tourmaline's
tournament
tournament's
tournaments
tourney
tourney's
tourneys
tourniquet
tourniquet's
tourniquets
tours
tousle
tousled
tousles
tousling
tout
tout's
touted
touting
touts
tow
tow's
toward
towards
towed
towel
towel's
toweled
toweling
toweling's
towelings
towelled
towelling
towelling's
towellings
towels
tower
tower's
towered
towering
towers
towhead
towhead's
towheaded
towheads
towing
town
town's
townhouse
townhouse's
townhouses
towns
townsfolk
townsfolk's
township
township's
townships
townsman
townsman's
townsmen
townspeople
townspeople's
towpath
towpath's
towpaths
tows
toxemia
toxemia's
toxic
toxicity
toxicity's
toxicologist
toxicologist's
toxicologists
toxicology
toxicology's
toxin
toxin's
toxins
toy
toy's
toyed
toying
toys
trace
trace's
traceable
traced
tracer
tracer's
traceries
tracers
tracery
tracery's
traces
trachea
trachea's
tracheae
tracheas
tracheotomies
tracheotomy
tracheotomy's
tracing
tracing's
tracings
track
track's
tracked
tracker
tracker's
trackers
tracking
tracks
tract
tract's
tractable
traction
traction's
tractor
tractor's
tractors
tracts
trade
trade's
traded
trademark
trademark's
trademarked
trademarking
trademarks
trader
trader's
traders
trades
tradesman
tradesman's
tradesmen
trading
tradition
tradition's
traditional
traditionalist
traditionalist's
traditionalists
traditionally
traditions
traduce
traduced
traduces
traducing
traffic
traffic's
trafficked
trafficker
trafficker's
traffickers
trafficking
traffics
tragedian
tragedian's
tragedians
tragedies
tragedy
tragedy's
tragic
tragically
tragicomedies
tragicomedy
tragicomedy's
trail
trail's
trailblazer
trailblazer's
trailblazers
trailed
trailer
trailer's
trailers
trailing
trails
train
train's
trained
trainee
trainee's
trainees
trainer
trainer's
trainers
training
training's
trains
traipse
traipse's
traipsed
traipses
traipsing
trait
trait's
traitor
traitor's
traitorous
traitors
traits
trajectories
trajectory
trajectory's
tram
tram's
trammed
trammel
trammel's
trammeled
trammeling
trammelled
trammelling
trammels
tramming
tramp
tramp's
tramped
tramping
trample
trample's
trampled
tramples
trampling
trampoline
trampoline's
trampolines
tramps
trams
trance
trance's
trances
tranquil
tranquiler
tranquilest
tranquility
tranquility's
tranquilize
tranquilized
tranquilizer
tranquilizer's
tranquilizers
tranquilizes
tranquilizing
tranquiller
tranquillest
tranquillity
tranquillity's
tranquillize
tranquillized
tranquillizer
tranquillizer's
tranquillizers
tranquillizes
tranquillizing
tranquilly
transact
transacted
transacting
transaction
transaction's
transactions
transacts
transatlantic
transceiver
transceiver's
transceivers
transcend
transcended
transcendence
transcendence's
transcendent
transcendental
transcendentalism
transcendentalism's
transcendentalist
transcendentalist's
transcendentalists
transcendentally
transcending
transcends
transcontinental
transcribe
transcribed
transcribes
transcribing
transcript
transcript's
transcription
transcription's
transcriptions
transcripts
transducer
transducer's
transducers
transept
transept's
transepts
transfer
transfer's
transferable
transferal
transferal's
transferals
transference
transference's
transferred
transferring
transfers
transfiguration
transfiguration's
transfigure
transfigured
transfigures
transfiguring
transfinite
transfix
transfixed
transfixes
transfixing
transfixt
transform
transform's
transformation
transformation's
transformations
transformed
transformer
transformer's
transformers
transforming
transforms
transfuse
transfused
transfuses
transfusing
transfusion
transfusion's
transfusions
transgress
transgressed
transgresses
transgressing
transgression
transgression's
transgressions
transgressor
transgressor's
transgressors
transience
transience's
transiency
transiency's
transient
transient's
transients
transistor
transistor's
transistors
transit
transit's
transited
transiting
transition
transition's
transitional
transitioned
transitioning
transitions
transitive
transitive's
transitively
transitives
transitory
transits
transitted
transitting
translate
translated
translates
translating
translation
translation's
translations
translator
translator's
translators
transliterate
transliterated
transliterates
transliterating
transliteration
transliteration's
transliterations
translucence
translucence's
translucent
transmigrate
transmigrated
transmigrates
transmigrating
transmigration
transmigration's
transmissible
transmission
transmission's
transmissions
transmit
transmits
transmittable
transmittal
transmittal's
transmitted
transmitter
transmitter's
transmitters
transmitting
transmutation
transmutation's
transmutations
transmute
transmuted
transmutes
transmuting
transnational
transnational's
transnationals
transoceanic
transom
transom's
transoms
transparencies
transparency
transparency's
transparent
transparently
transpiration
transpiration's
transpire
transpired
transpires
transpiring
transplant
transplant's
transplantation
transplantation's
transplanted
transplanting
transplants
transponder
transponder's
transponders
transport
transport's
transportable
transportation
transportation's
transported
transporter
transporter's
transporters
transporting
transports
transpose
transposed
transposes
transposing
transposition
transposition's
transpositions
transsexual
transsexual's
transsexuals
transship
transshipment
transshipment's
transshipped
transshipping
transships
transubstantiation
transubstantiation's
transverse
transverse's
transversely
transverses
transvestism
transvestism's
transvestite
transvestite's
transvestites
trap
trap's
trapdoor
trapdoor's
trapdoors
trapeze
trapeze's
trapezes
trapezoid
trapezoid's
trapezoidal
trapezoids
trappable
trapped
trapper
trapper's
trappers
trapping
trappings
trappings's
traps
trapshooting
trapshooting's
trash
trash's
trashcan
trashcan's
trashcans
trashed
trashes
trashier
trashiest
trashing
trashy
trauma
trauma's
traumas
traumata
traumatic
traumatize
traumatized
traumatizes
traumatizing
travail
travail's
travailed
travailing
travails
travel
travel's
traveled
traveler
traveler's
travelers
traveling
travelings
travelled
traveller
traveller's
travellers
travelling
travelog
travelog's
travelogs
travelogue
travelogue's
travelogues
travels
traverse
traverse's
traversed
traverses
traversing
travestied
travesties
travesty
travesty's
travestying
trawl
trawl's
trawled
trawler
trawler's
trawlers
trawling
trawls
tray
tray's
trays
treacheries
treacherous
treacherously
treachery
treachery's
treacle
treacle's
tread
tread's
treading
treadle
treadle's
treadled
treadles
treadling
treadmill
treadmill's
treadmills
treads
treason
treason's
treasonable
treasonous
treasure
treasure's
treasured
treasurer
treasurer's
treasurers
treasures
treasuries
treasuring
treasury
treasury's
treat
treat's
treatable
treated
treaties
treating
treatise
treatise's
treatises
treatment
treatment's
treatments
treats
treaty
treaty's
treble
treble's
trebled
trebles
trebling
tree
tree's
treed
treeing
treeless
trees
treetop
treetop's
treetops
trefoil
trefoil's
trefoils
trek
trek's
trekked
trekking
treks
trellis
trellis's
trellised
trellises
trellising
tremble
tremble's
trembled
trembles
trembling
tremendous
tremendously
tremolo
tremolo's
tremolos
tremor
tremor's
tremors
tremulous
tremulously
trench
trench's
trenchant
trenched
trenches
trenching
trend
trend's
trended
trendier
trendies
trendiest
trending
trends
trendy
trendy's
trepidation
trepidation's
trespass
trespass's
trespassed
trespasser
trespasser's
trespassers
trespasses
trespassing
tress
tress's
tresses
trestle
trestle's
trestles
triad
triad's
triads
triage
triage's
trial
trial's
trialed
trialing
trials
triangle
triangle's
triangles
triangular
triangulation
triangulation's
triathlon
triathlon's
triathlons
tribal
tribalism
tribalism's
tribe
tribe's
tribes
tribesman
tribesman's
tribesmen
tribulation
tribulation's
tribulations
tribunal
tribunal's
tribunals
tribune
tribune's
tribunes
tributaries
tributary
tributary's
tribute
tribute's
tributes
trice
trice's
triceps
triceps's
tricepses
triceratops
triceratops's
triceratopses
trick
trick's
tricked
trickery
trickery's
trickier
trickiest
trickiness
trickiness's
tricking
trickle
trickle's
trickled
trickles
trickling
tricks
trickster
trickster's
tricksters
tricky
tricolor
tricolor's
tricolors
tricycle
tricycle's
tricycles
trident
trident's
tridents
tried
triennial
triennial's
triennials
tries
trifle
trifle's
trifled
trifler
trifler's
triflers
trifles
trifling
trifocals
trifocals's
trig
trig's
trigger
trigger's
triggered
triggering
triggers
triglyceride
triglyceride's
triglycerides
trigonometric
trigonometry
trigonometry's
trike
trike's
trikes
trilateral
trilaterals
trill
trill's
trilled
trilling
trillion
trillion's
trillions
trillionth
trillionth's
trillionths
trills
trilogies
trilogy
trilogy's
trim
trim's
trimaran
trimaran's
trimarans
trimester
trimester's
trimesters
trimly
trimmed
trimmer
trimmer's
trimmers
trimmest
trimming
trimming's
trimmings
trimmings's
trimness
trimness's
trims
trinities
trinity
trinity's
trinket
trinket's
trinkets
trio
trio's
trios
trip
trip's
tripartite
tripe
tripe's
triple
triple's
tripled
triples
triplet
triplet's
triplets
triplicate
triplicate's
triplicated
triplicates
triplicating
tripling
triply
tripod
tripod's
tripods
tripos
tripped
tripping
trips
triptych
triptych's
triptychs
trisect
trisected
trisecting
trisects
trite
tritely
triteness
triteness's
triter
tritest
triumph
triumph's
triumphal
triumphant
triumphantly
triumphed
triumphing
triumphs
triumvirate
triumvirate's
triumvirates
trivet
trivet's
trivets
trivia
trivia's
trivial
trivialities
triviality
triviality's
trivialize
trivialized
trivializes
trivializing
trivially
trochee
trochee's
trochees
trod
trodden
troika
troika's
troikas
troll
troll's
trolled
trolley
trolley's
trolleys
trollies
trolling
trollop
trollop's
trollops
trolls
trolly
trolly's
trombone
trombone's
trombones
trombonist
trombonist's
trombonists
tromp
tromped
tromping
tromps
troop
troop's
trooped
trooper
trooper's
troopers
trooping
troops
troopship
troopship's
troopships
trope
trope's
tropes
trophies
trophy
trophy's
tropic
tropic's
tropical
tropics
tropics's
tropism
tropism's
tropisms
troposphere
troposphere's
tropospheres
trot
trot's
troth
troth's
trots
trotted
trotter
trotter's
trotters
trotting
troubadour
troubadour's
troubadours
trouble
trouble's
troubled
troublemaker
troublemaker's
troublemakers
troubles
troubleshoot
troubleshooted
troubleshooter
troubleshooter's
troubleshooters
troubleshooting
troubleshooting's
troubleshoots
troubleshot
troublesome
troubling
trough
trough's
troughs
trounce
trounced
trounces
trouncing
troupe
troupe's
trouped
trouper
trouper's
troupers
troupes
trouping
trouser
trouser's
trousers
trousers's
trousseau
trousseau's
trousseaus
trousseaux
trout
trout's
trouts
trowel
trowel's
troweled
troweling
trowelled
trowelling
trowels
troy
troys
truancy
truancy's
truant
truant's
truanted
truanting
truants
truce
truce's
truces
truck
truck's
trucked
trucker
trucker's
truckers
trucking
trucking's
truckle
truckle's
truckled
truckles
truckling
truckload
truckload's
truckloads
trucks
truculence
truculence's
truculent
truculently
trudge
trudge's
trudged
trudges
trudging
true
true's
trued
trueing
truer
trues
truest
truffle
truffle's
truffles
truing
truism
truism's
truisms
truly
trump
trump's
trumped
trumpery
trumpery's
trumpet
trumpet's
trumpeted
trumpeter
trumpeter's
trumpeters
trumpeting
trumpets
trumping
trumps
truncate
truncated
truncates
truncating
truncation
truncation's
truncheon
truncheon's
truncheons
trundle
trundle's
trundled
trundles
trundling
trunk
trunk's
trunking
trunks
truss
truss's
trussed
trusses
trussing
trust
trust's
trusted
trustee
trustee's
trustees
trusteeship
trusteeship's
trusteeships
trustful
trustfully
trustfulness
trustfulness's
trustier
trusties
trustiest
trusting
trusts
trustworthier
trustworthiest
trustworthiness
trustworthiness's
trustworthy
trusty
trusty's
truth
truth's
truthful
truthfully
truthfulness
truthfulness's
truths
try
try's
trying
tryout
tryout's
tryouts
tryst
tryst's
trysted
trysting
trysts
ts
tsar
tsar's
tsarina
tsarina's
tsarinas
tsars
tsunami
tsunami's
tsunamis
tub
tub's
tuba
tuba's
tubas
tubbier
tubbiest
tubby
tube
tube's
tubed
tubeless
tubeless's
tuber
tuber's
tubercle
tubercle's
tubercles
tubercular
tuberculosis
tuberculosis's
tuberculous
tuberous
tubers
tubes
tubing
tubing's
tubs
tubular
tuck
tuck's
tucked
tucker
tucker's
tuckered
tuckering
tuckers
tucking
tucks
tuft
tuft's
tufted
tufting
tufts
tug
tug's
tugboat
tugboat's
tugboats
tugged
tugging
tugs
tuition
tuition's
tulip
tulip's
tulips
tulle
tulle's
tumble
tumble's
tumbled
tumbledown
tumbler
tumbler's
tumblers
tumbles
tumbleweed
tumbleweed's
tumbleweeds
tumbling
tumbrel
tumbrel's
tumbrels
tumbril
tumbril's
tumbrils
tumid
tummies
tummy
tummy's
tumor
tumor's
tumors
tumult
tumult's
tumults
tumultuous
tun
tun's
tuna
tuna's
tunas
tundra
tundra's
tundras
tune
tune's
tuned
tuneful
tunefully
tuneless
tunelessly
tuner
tuner's
tuners
tunes
tungsten
tungsten's
tunic
tunic's
tunics
tuning
tunnel
tunnel's
tunneled
tunneling
tunnelings
tunnelled
tunnelling
tunnels
tunnies
tunny
tunny's
tuns
turban
turban's
turbans
turbid
turbine
turbine's
turbines
turbojet
turbojet's
turbojets
turboprop
turboprop's
turboprops
turbot
turbot's
turbots
turbulence
turbulence's
turbulent
turbulently
turd
turd's
turds
tureen
tureen's
tureens
turf
turf's
turfed
turfing
turfs
turgid
turgidity
turgidity's
turgidly
turkey
turkey's
turkeys
turmeric
turmeric's
turmerics
turmoil
turmoil's
turmoils
turn
turn's
turnabout
turnabout's
turnabouts
turnaround
turnaround's
turnarounds
turncoat
turncoat's
turncoats
turned
turner
turner's
turners
turning
turnip
turnip's
turnips
turnkey
turnkey's
turnkeys
turnoff
turnoff's
turnoffs
turnout
turnout's
turnouts
turnover
turnover's
turnovers
turnpike
turnpike's
turnpikes
turns
turnstile
turnstile's
turnstiles
turntable
turntable's
turntables
turpentine
turpentine's
turpitude
turpitude's
turquoise
turquoise's
turquoises
turret
turret's
turrets
turtle
turtle's
turtledove
turtledove's
turtledoves
turtleneck
turtleneck's
turtlenecks
turtles
turves
tush
tush's
tushes
tusk
tusk's
tusked
tusks
tussle
tussle's
tussled
tussles
tussling
tussock
tussock's
tussocks
tutelage
tutelage's
tutor
tutor's
tutored
tutorial
tutorial's
tutorials
tutoring
tutors
tutu
tutu's
tutus
tux
tux's
tuxedo
tuxedo's
tuxedoes
tuxedos
tuxes
twaddle
twaddle's
twaddled
twaddles
twaddling
twain
twain's
twang
twang's
twanged
twanging
twangs
tweak
tweak's
tweaked
tweaking
tweaks
twee
tweed
tweed's
tweedier
tweediest
tweeds
tweeds's
tweedy
tweet
tweet's
tweeted
tweeter
tweeter's
tweeters
tweeting
tweets
tweezers
tweezers's
twelfth
twelfth's
twelfths
twelve
twelve's
twelves
twenties
twentieth
twentieth's
twentieths
twenty
twenty's
twerp
twerp's
twerps
twice
twiddle
twiddle's
twiddled
twiddles
twiddling
twig
twig's
twigged
twiggier
twiggiest
twigging
twiggy
twigs
twilight
twilight's
twill
twill's
twilled
twin
twin's
twine
twine's
twined
twines
twinge
twinge's
twinged
twingeing
twinges
twinging
twining
twinkle
twinkle's
twinkled
twinkles
twinkling
twinkling's
twinklings
twinned
twinning
twins
twirl
twirl's
twirled
twirler
twirler's
twirlers
twirling
twirls
twist
twist's
twisted
twister
twister's
twisters
twisting
twists
twit
twit's
twitch
twitch's
twitched
twitches
twitching
twits
twitted
twitter
twitter's
twittered
twittering
twitters
twitting
two
two's
twofer
twofer's
twofers
twofold
twos
twosome
twosome's
twosomes
tycoon
tycoon's
tycoons
tying
tyke
tyke's
tykes
tympana
tympanum
tympanum's
tympanums
type
type's
typecast
typecasting
typecasts
typed
typeface
typeface's
typefaces
types
typescript
typescript's
typescripts
typeset
typesets
typesetter
typesetter's
typesetters
typesetting
typewrite
typewriter
typewriter's
typewriters
typewrites
typewriting
typewritten
typewrote
typhoid
typhoid's
typhoon
typhoon's
typhoons
typhus
typhus's
typical
typically
typified
typifies
typify
typifying
typing
typing's
typist
typist's
typists
typo
typo's
typographer
typographer's
typographers
typographic
typographical
typographically
typography
typography's
typos
tyrannical
tyrannically
tyrannies
tyrannize
tyrannized
tyrannizes
tyrannizing
tyrannosaur
tyrannosaur's
tyrannosaurs
tyrannosaurus
tyrannosaurus's
tyrannosauruses
tyrannous
tyranny
tyranny's
tyrant
tyrant's
tyrants
tyro
tyro's
tyroes
tyros
tzar
tzar's
tzarina
tzarina's
tzarinas
tzars
u
ubiquitous
ubiquitously
ubiquity
ubiquity's
udder
udder's
udders
ugh
uglier
ugliest
ugliness
ugliness's
ugly
uh
ukelele
ukelele's
ukeleles
ukulele
ukulele's
ukuleles
ulcer
ulcer's
ulcerate
ulcerated
ulcerates
ulcerating
ulceration
ulceration's
ulcerous
ulcers
ulna
ulna's
ulnae
ulnas
ulterior
ultimata
ultimate
ultimate's
ultimately
ultimatum
ultimatum's
ultimatums
ultra
ultra's
ultraconservative
ultraconservative's
ultraconservatives
ultramarine
ultramarine's
ultras
ultrasonic
ultrasonically
ultrasound
ultrasound's
ultrasounds
ultraviolet
ultraviolet's
ululate
ululated
ululates
ululating
um
umbel
umbel's
umbels
umber
umber's
umbilical
umbilici
umbilicus
umbilicus's
umbilicuses
umbrage
umbrage's
umbrella
umbrella's
umbrellas
umiak
umiak's
umiaks
umlaut
umlaut's
umlauts
ump
ump's
umped
umping
umpire
umpire's
umpired
umpires
umpiring
umps
umpteen
umpteenth
unabashed
unabated
unable
unabridged
unabridged's
unabridgeds
unaccented
unacceptability
unacceptable
unacceptably
unaccepted
unaccompanied
unaccountable
unaccountably
unaccustomed
unacknowledged
unacquainted
unadorned
unadulterated
unadvised
unaffected
unafraid
unaided
unalterable
unalterably
unaltered
unambiguous
unambiguously
unanimity
unanimity's
unanimous
unanimously
unannounced
unanswerable
unanswered
unanticipated
unappealing
unappetizing
unappreciated
unappreciative
unapproachable
unarmed
unashamed
unashamedly
unasked
unassailable
unassigned
unassisted
unassuming
unattached
unattainable
unattended
unattractive
unattributed
unauthenticated
unauthorized
unavailable
unavailing
unavoidable
unavoidably
unaware
unawares
unbalanced
unbar
unbarred
unbarring
unbars
unbearable
unbearably
unbeatable
unbeaten
unbecoming
unbeknown
unbeknownst
unbelief
unbelief's
unbelievable
unbelievably
unbeliever
unbeliever's
unbelievers
unbend
unbending
unbends
unbent
unbiased
unbiassed
unbidden
unbind
unbinding
unbinds
unblock
unblocked
unblocking
unblocks
unblushing
unbolt
unbolted
unbolting
unbolts
unborn
unbosom
unbosomed
unbosoming
unbosoms
unbound
unbounded
unbranded
unbreakable
unbridled
unbroken
unbuckle
unbuckled
unbuckles
unbuckling
unburden
unburdened
unburdening
unburdens
unbutton
unbuttoned
unbuttoning
unbuttons
uncalled
uncannier
uncanniest
uncannily
uncanny
uncaring
uncased
uncatalogued
unceasing
unceasingly
uncensored
unceremonious
unceremoniously
uncertain
uncertainly
uncertainties
uncertainty
uncertainty's
unchallenged
unchanged
unchanging
uncharacteristic
uncharacteristically
uncharitable
uncharitably
uncharted
unchecked
unchristian
uncivil
uncivilized
unclaimed
unclasp
unclasped
unclasping
unclasps
unclassified
uncle
uncle's
unclean
uncleaner
uncleanest
uncleanlier
uncleanliest
uncleanly
uncleanness
uncleanness's
unclear
unclearer
unclearest
uncles
unclothe
unclothed
unclothes
unclothing
uncluttered
uncoil
uncoiled
uncoiling
uncoils
uncollected
uncomfortable
uncomfortably
uncommitted
uncommon
uncommoner
uncommonest
uncommonly
uncommunicative
uncomplaining
uncompleted
uncomplicated
uncomplimentary
uncomprehending
uncompressed
uncompromising
uncompromisingly
unconcern
unconcern's
unconcerned
unconcernedly
unconditional
unconditionally
unconfirmed
unconnected
unconquerable
unconscionable
unconscionably
unconscious
unconscious's
unconsciously
unconsciousness
unconsciousness's
unconsidered
unconstitutional
uncontaminated
uncontested
uncontrollable
uncontrollably
uncontrolled
uncontroversial
unconventional
unconventionally
unconvinced
unconvincing
unconvincingly
uncooked
uncooperative
uncoordinated
uncork
uncorked
uncorking
uncorks
uncorrelated
uncorroborated
uncountable
uncounted
uncouple
uncoupled
uncouples
uncoupling
uncouth
uncover
uncovered
uncovering
uncovers
uncritical
unction
unction's
unctions
unctuous
unctuously
unctuousness
unctuousness's
uncultivated
uncultured
uncut
undamaged
undated
undaunted
undeceive
undeceived
undeceives
undeceiving
undecidable
undecided
undecided's
undecideds
undecipherable
undeclared
undefeated
undefended
undefinable
undefined
undelivered
undemanding
undemocratic
undemonstrative
undeniable
undeniably
undependable
under
underachieve
underachieved
underachiever
underachiever's
underachievers
underachieves
underachieving
underact
underacted
underacting
underacts
underage
underarm
underarm's
underarms
underbellies
underbelly
underbelly's
underbid
underbidding
underbids
underbrush
underbrush's
undercarriage
undercarriage's
undercarriages
undercharge
undercharge's
undercharged
undercharges
undercharging
underclass
underclass's
underclassman
underclassman's
underclassmen
underclothes
underclothes's
underclothing
underclothing's
undercoat
undercoat's
undercoated
undercoating
undercoats
undercover
undercurrent
undercurrent's
undercurrents
undercut
undercut's
undercuts
undercutting
underdeveloped
underdog
underdog's
underdogs
underdone
underemployed
underestimate
underestimate's
underestimated
underestimates
underestimating
underexpose
underexposed
underexposes
underexposing
underfed
underfeed
underfeeding
underfeeds
underflow
underfoot
underfunded
undergarment
undergarment's
undergarments
undergo
undergoes
undergoing
undergone
undergrad
undergrads
undergraduate
undergraduate's
undergraduates
underground
underground's
undergrounds
undergrowth
undergrowth's
underhand
underhanded
underhandedly
underlain
underlay
underlay's
underlays
underlie
underlies
underline
underline's
underlined
underlines
underling
underling's
underlings
underlining
underlying
undermine
undermined
undermines
undermining
undermost
underneath
underneath's
underneaths
undernourished
underpaid
underpants
underpants's
underpass
underpass's
underpasses
underpay
underpaying
underpays
underpin
underpinned
underpinning
underpinning's
underpinnings
underpins
underplay
underplayed
underplaying
underplays
underprivileged
underrate
underrated
underrates
underrating
underscore
underscore's
underscored
underscores
underscoring
undersea
undersecretaries
undersecretary
undersecretary's
undersell
underselling
undersells
undershirt
undershirt's
undershirts
undershoot
undershooting
undershoots
undershorts
undershorts's
undershot
underside
underside's
undersides
undersign
undersigned
undersigned's
undersigning
undersigns
undersize
undersized
underskirt
underskirt's
underskirts
undersold
understaffed
understand
understandable
understandably
understanding
understanding's
understandingly
understandings
understands
understate
understated
understatement
understatement's
understatements
understates
understating
understood
understudied
understudies
understudy
understudy's
understudying
undertake
undertaken
undertaker
undertaker's
undertakers
undertakes
undertaking
undertaking's
undertakings
undertone
undertone's
undertones
undertook
undertow
undertow's
undertows
underused
undervalue
undervalued
undervalues
undervaluing
underwater
underwear
underwear's
underweight
underweight's
underwent
underworld
underworld's
underworlds
underwrite
underwriter
underwriter's
underwriters
underwrites
underwriting
underwritten
underwrote
undeserved
undeservedly
undeserving
undesirability
undesirable
undesirable's
undesirables
undetectable
undetected
undetermined
undeterred
undeveloped
undid
undies
undies's
undignified
undiluted
undiminished
undisciplined
undisclosed
undiscovered
undiscriminating
undisguised
undisputed
undistinguished
undisturbed
undivided
undo
undocumented
undoes
undoing
undoing's
undoings
undone
undoubted
undoubtedly
undress
undress's
undressed
undresses
undressing
undue
undulant
undulate
undulated
undulates
undulating
undulation
undulation's
undulations
unduly
undying
unearned
unearth
unearthed
unearthing
unearthly
unearths
unease
unease's
uneasier
uneasiest
uneasily
uneasiness
uneasiness's
uneasy
uneaten
uneconomic
uneconomical
unedited
uneducated
unembarrassed
unemotional
unemployable
unemployed
unemployed's
unemployment
unemployment's
unending
unendurable
unenforceable
unenlightened
unenthusiastic
unenviable
unequal
unequaled
unequalled
unequally
unequivocal
unequivocally
unerring
unerringly
unethical
uneven
unevener
unevenest
unevenly
unevenness
unevenness's
uneventful
uneventfully
unexampled
unexceptionable
unexceptional
unexciting
unexpected
unexpectedly
unexplained
unexplored
unexpurgated
unfailing
unfailingly
unfair
unfairer
unfairest
unfairly
unfairness
unfairness's
unfaithful
unfaithfully
unfaithfulness
unfaithfulness's
unfamiliar
unfamiliarity
unfamiliarity's
unfashionable
unfasten
unfastened
unfastening
unfastens
unfathomable
unfavorable
unfavorably
unfeasible
unfeeling
unfeelingly
unfeigned
unfetter
unfettered
unfettering
unfetters
unfilled
unfinished
unfit
unfits
unfitted
unfitting
unflagging
unflappable
unflattering
unflinching
unflinchingly
unfold
unfolded
unfolding
unfolds
unforeseeable
unforeseen
unforgettable
unforgettably
unforgivable
unforgiving
unformed
unfortunate
unfortunate's
unfortunately
unfortunates
unfounded
unfrequented
unfriendlier
unfriendliest
unfriendliness
unfriendliness's
unfriendly
unfrock
unfrocked
unfrocking
unfrocks
unfulfilled
unfunny
unfurl
unfurled
unfurling
unfurls
unfurnished
ungainlier
ungainliest
ungainliness
ungainliness's
ungainly
ungentlemanly
ungodlier
ungodliest
ungodly
ungovernable
ungracious
ungrammatical
ungrateful
ungratefully
ungratefulness
ungratefulness's
ungrudging
unguarded
unguent
unguent's
unguents
ungulate
ungulate's
ungulates
unhand
unhanded
unhanding
unhands
unhappier
unhappiest
unhappily
unhappiness
unhappiness's
unhappy
unharmed
unhealthful
unhealthier
unhealthiest
unhealthy
unheard
unheeded
unhelpful
unhesitating
unhesitatingly
unhindered
unhinge
unhinged
unhinges
unhinging
unhitch
unhitched
unhitches
unhitching
unholier
unholiest
unholy
unhook
unhooked
unhooking
unhooks
unhorse
unhorsed
unhorses
unhorsing
unhurried
unhurt
unicameral
unicorn
unicorn's
unicorns
unicycle
unicycle's
unicycles
unidentifiable
unidentified
unidirectional
unification
unification's
unified
unifies
uniform
uniform's
uniformed
uniforming
uniformity
uniformity's
uniformly
uniforms
unify
unifying
unilateral
unilaterally
unimaginable
unimaginative
unimpaired
unimpeachable
unimplementable
unimplemented
unimportant
unimpressed
unimpressive
uninformative
uninformed
uninhabitable
uninhabited
uninhibited
uninitialized
uninitiated
uninjured
uninspired
uninspiring
uninstall
uninstallable
uninstalled
uninstaller
uninstaller's
uninstallers
uninstalling
uninstalls
uninsured
unintelligent
unintelligible
unintelligibly
unintended
unintentional
unintentionally
uninterested
uninteresting
uninterpreted
uninterrupted
uninvited
uninviting
union
union's
unionization
unionization's
unionize
unionized
unionizes
unionizing
unions
unique
uniquely
uniqueness
uniqueness's
uniquer
uniquest
unisex
unisex's
unison
unison's
unit
unit's
unitary
unite
united
unites
unities
uniting
units
unity
unity's
universal
universal's
universality
universality's
universally
universals
universe
universe's
universes
universities
university
university's
unjust
unjustifiable
unjustified
unjustly
unkempt
unkind
unkinder
unkindest
unkindlier
unkindliest
unkindly
unkindness
unkindness's
unknowable
unknowing
unknowingly
unknowings
unknown
unknown's
unknowns
unlabeled
unlace
unlaced
unlaces
unlacing
unlatch
unlatched
unlatches
unlatching
unlawful
unlawfully
unleaded
unleaded's
unlearn
unlearned
unlearning
unlearns
unleash
unleashed
unleashes
unleashing
unleavened
unless
unlettered
unlicensed
unlike
unlikelier
unlikeliest
unlikelihood
unlikelihood's
unlikely
unlimited
unlisted
unload
unloaded
unloading
unloads
unlock
unlocked
unlocking
unlocks
unloose
unloosed
unlooses
unloosing
unloved
unluckier
unluckiest
unluckily
unlucky
unmade
unmake
unmakes
unmaking
unman
unmanageable
unmanlier
unmanliest
unmanly
unmanned
unmannerly
unmanning
unmans
unmarked
unmarried
unmask
unmasked
unmasking
unmasks
unmatched
unmemorable
unmentionable
unmentionable's
unmentionables
unmerciful
unmercifully
unmindful
unmistakable
unmistakably
unmitigated
unmodified
unmoral
unmoved
unnamed
unnatural
unnaturally
unnecessarily
unnecessary
unneeded
unnerve
unnerved
unnerves
unnerving
unnoticeable
unnoticed
unnumbered
unobjectionable
unobservant
unobserved
unobstructed
unobtainable
unobtrusive
unobtrusively
unoccupied
unoffensive
unofficial
unofficially
unopened
unopposed
unorganized
unoriginal
unorthodox
unpack
unpacked
unpacking
unpacks
unpaid
unpainted
unpalatable
unparalleled
unpardonable
unpatriotic
unpaved
unperturbed
unpick
unpin
unpinned
unpinning
unpins
unplanned
unpleasant
unpleasantly
unpleasantness
unpleasantness's
unplug
unplugged
unplugging
unplugs
unplumbed
unpolluted
unpopular
unpopularity
unpopularity's
unprecedented
unpredictability
unpredictability's
unpredictable
unprejudiced
unpremeditated
unprepared
unpretentious
unpreventable
unprincipled
unprintable
unprivileged
unproductive
unprofessional
unprofitable
unpromising
unprompted
unpronounceable
unprotected
unproved
unproven
unprovoked
unpublished
unpunished
unqualified
unquenchable
unquestionable
unquestionably
unquestioned
unquestioning
unquestioningly
unquote
unquoted
unquotes
unquoting
unravel
unraveled
unraveling
unravelled
unravelling
unravels
unreachable
unread
unreadable
unreadier
unreadiest
unready
unreal
unrealistic
unrealistically
unrealized
unreasonable
unreasonableness
unreasonableness's
unreasonably
unreasoning
unrecognizable
unrecognized
unreconstructed
unrecorded
unrefined
unregenerate
unregistered
unregulated
unrehearsed
unrelated
unreleased
unrelenting
unrelentingly
unreliability
unreliable
unrelieved
unremarkable
unremitting
unrepeatable
unrepentant
unrepresentative
unrequited
unreserved
unreservedly
unresolved
unresponsive
unrest
unrest's
unrestrained
unrestricted
unrewarding
unripe
unriper
unripest
unrivaled
unrivalled
unroll
unrolled
unrolling
unrolls
unromantic
unruffled
unrulier
unruliest
unruliness
unruliness's
unruly
unsaddle
unsaddled
unsaddles
unsaddling
unsafe
unsafer
unsafest
unsaid
unsalted
unsanctioned
unsanitary
unsatisfactory
unsatisfied
unsatisfying
unsaturated
unsavory
unsay
unsaying
unsays
unscathed
unscheduled
unschooled
unscientific
unscramble
unscrambled
unscrambles
unscrambling
unscrew
unscrewed
unscrewing
unscrews
unscrupulous
unscrupulously
unscrupulousness
unscrupulousness's
unseal
unsealed
unsealing
unseals
unseasonable
unseasonably
unseasoned
unseat
unseated
unseating
unseats
unseeing
unseemlier
unseemliest
unseemliness
unseemliness's
unseemly
unseen
unseen's
unselfish
unselfishly
unselfishness
unselfishness's
unsent
unsentimental
unset
unsettle
unsettled
unsettles
unsettling
unshakable
unshakeable
unshaven
unsheathe
unsheathed
unsheathes
unsheathing
unsightlier
unsightliest
unsightliness
unsightliness's
unsightly
unsigned
unskilled
unskillful
unsmiling
unsnap
unsnapped
unsnapping
unsnaps
unsnarl
unsnarled
unsnarling
unsnarls
unsociable
unsold
unsolicited
unsolved
unsophisticated
unsound
unsounder
unsoundest
unsparing
unspeakable
unspeakably
unspecific
unspecified
unspoiled
unspoilt
unspoken
unsportsmanlike
unstable
unstabler
unstablest
unstated
unsteadier
unsteadiest
unsteadily
unsteadiness
unsteadiness's
unsteady
unstop
unstoppable
unstopped
unstopping
unstops
unstressed
unstructured
unstrung
unstuck
unstudied
unsubscribe
unsubscribed
unsubscribes
unsubscribing
unsubstantial
unsubstantiated
unsubtle
unsuccessful
unsuccessfully
unsuitable
unsuitably
unsuited
unsung
unsupervised
unsupportable
unsupported
unsure
unsurpassed
unsurprising
unsuspected
unsuspecting
unsweetened
unswerving
unsympathetic
untainted
untamed
untangle
untangled
untangles
untangling
untapped
untaught
untenable
untested
unthinkable
unthinking
unthinkingly
untidier
untidiest
untidiness
untidiness's
untidy
untie
untied
unties
until
untimelier
untimeliest
untimeliness
untimeliness's
untimely
untiring
untiringly
untitled
unto
untold
untouchable
untouchable's
untouchables
untouched
untoward
untrained
untreated
untried
untroubled
untrue
untruer
untruest
untrustworthy
untruth
untruth's
untruthful
untruthfully
untruths
untutored
untwist
untwisted
untwisting
untwists
untying
unusable
unused
unusual
unusually
unutterable
unutterably
unvarnished
unvarying
unveil
unveiled
unveiling
unveils
unverified
unvoiced
unwanted
unwarier
unwariest
unwariness
unwariness's
unwarranted
unwary
unwashed
unwavering
unwed
unwelcome
unwell
unwholesome
unwieldier
unwieldiest
unwieldiness
unwieldiness's
unwieldy
unwilling
unwillingly
unwillingness
unwillingness's
unwind
unwinding
unwinds
unwise
unwisely
unwiser
unwisest
unwitting
unwittingly
unwonted
unworkable
unworldly
unworthier
unworthiest
unworthiness
unworthiness's
unworthy
unwound
unwrap
unwrapped
unwrapping
unwraps
unwritten
unyielding
unzip
unzipped
unzipping
unzips
up
upbeat
upbeat's
upbeats
upbraid
upbraided
upbraiding
upbraids
upbringing
upbringing's
upbringings
upchuck
upchucked
upchucking
upchucks
upcoming
upcountry
upcountry's
update
update's
updated
updater
updates
updating
updraft
updraft's
updrafts
upend
upended
upending
upends
upfront
upgrade
upgrade's
upgraded
upgrades
upgrading
upheaval
upheaval's
upheavals
upheld
uphill
uphill's
uphills
uphold
upholding
upholds
upholster
upholstered
upholsterer
upholsterer's
upholsterers
upholstering
upholsters
upholstery
upholstery's
upkeep
upkeep's
upland
upland's
uplands
uplift
uplift's
uplifted
uplifting
upliftings
uplifts
upload
upmarket
upon
upped
upper
upper's
uppercase
uppercase's
upperclassman
upperclassman's
upperclassmen
uppercut
uppercut's
uppercuts
uppercutting
uppermost
uppers
upping
uppity
upraise
upraised
upraises
upraising
upright
upright's
uprights
uprising
uprising's
uprisings
uproar
uproar's
uproarious
uproariously
uproars
uproot
uprooted
uprooting
uproots
ups
upscale
upset
upset's
upsets
upsetting
upshot
upshot's
upshots
upside
upside's
upsides
upstage
upstaged
upstages
upstaging
upstairs
upstanding
upstart
upstart's
upstarted
upstarting
upstarts
upstate
upstate's
upstream
upsurge
upsurge's
upsurged
upsurges
upsurging
upswing
upswing's
upswings
uptake
uptake's
uptakes
uptight
uptown
uptown's
upturn
upturn's
upturned
upturning
upturns
upward
upwardly
upwards
uranium
uranium's
urban
urbane
urbaner
urbanest
urbanity
urbanity's
urbanization
urbanization's
urbanize
urbanized
urbanizes
urbanizing
urchin
urchin's
urchins
urea
urea's
urethra
urethra's
urethrae
urethras
urge
urge's
urged
urgency
urgency's
urgent
urgently
urges
urging
uric
urinal
urinal's
urinals
urinalyses
urinalysis
urinalysis's
urinary
urinate
urinated
urinates
urinating
urination
urination's
urine
urine's
urn
urn's
urns
urologist
urologist's
urologists
urology
urology's
us
usable
usage
usage's
usages
use
use's
useable
used
useful
usefully
usefulness
usefulness's
useless
uselessly
uselessness
uselessness's
user
user's
users
uses
usher
usher's
ushered
usherette
usherette's
usherettes
ushering
ushers
using
usual
usual's
usually
usurer
usurer's
usurers
usurious
usurp
usurpation
usurpation's
usurped
usurper
usurper's
usurpers
usurping
usurps
usury
usury's
utensil
utensil's
utensils
uteri
uterine
uterus
uterus's
uteruses
utilitarian
utilitarian's
utilitarianism
utilitarians
utilities
utility
utility's
utilization
utilization's
utilize
utilized
utilizes
utilizing
utmost
utmost's
utopia
utopia's
utopian
utopian's
utopians
utopias
utter
utterance
utterance's
utterances
uttered
uttering
utterly
uttermost
uttermost's
utters
uvula
uvula's
uvulae
uvular
uvular's
uvulars
uvulas
v
vacancies
vacancy
vacancy's
vacant
vacantly
vacate
vacated
vacates
vacating
vacation
vacation's
vacationed
vacationer
vacationer's
vacationers
vacationing
vacations
vaccinate
vaccinated
vaccinates
vaccinating
vaccination
vaccination's
vaccinations
vaccine
vaccine's
vaccines
vacillate
vacillated
vacillates
vacillating
vacillation
vacillation's
vacillations
vacua
vacuity
vacuity's
vacuous
vacuously
vacuum
vacuum's
vacuumed
vacuuming
vacuums
vagabond
vagabond's
vagabonded
vagabonding
vagabonds
vagaries
vagary
vagary's
vagina
vagina's
vaginae
vaginal
vaginas
vagrancy
vagrancy's
vagrant
vagrant's
vagrants
vague
vaguely
vagueness
vagueness's
vaguer
vaguest
vain
vainer
vainest
vainglorious
vainglory
vainglory's
vainly
valance
valance's
valances
vale
vale's
valedictorian
valedictorian's
valedictorians
valedictories
valedictory
valedictory's
valence
valence's
valences
valentine
valentine's
valentines
vales
valet
valet's
valeted
valeting
valets
valiant
valiantly
valid
validate
validated
validates
validating
validation
validation's
validations
validity
validity's
validly
validness
validness's
valise
valise's
valises
valley
valley's
valleys
valor
valor's
valorous
valuable
valuable's
valuables
valuation
valuation's
valuations
value
value's
valued
valueless
values
valuing
valve
valve's
valved
valves
valving
vamoose
vamoosed
vamooses
vamoosing
vamp
vamp's
vamped
vamping
vampire
vampire's
vampires
vamps
van
van's
vanadium
vanadium's
vandal
vandal's
vandalism
vandalism's
vandalize
vandalized
vandalizes
vandalizing
vandals
vane
vane's
vanes
vanguard
vanguard's
vanguards
vanilla
vanilla's
vanillas
vanish
vanished
vanishes
vanishing
vanishings
vanities
vanity
vanity's
vanned
vanning
vanquish
vanquished
vanquishes
vanquishing
vans
vantage
vantage's
vantages
vapid
vapidity
vapidity's
vapidness
vapidness's
vapor
vapor's
vaporization
vaporization's
vaporize
vaporized
vaporizer
vaporizer's
vaporizers
vaporizes
vaporizing
vaporous
vapors
variability
variability's
variable
variable's
variables
variably
variance
variance's
variances
variant
variant's
variants
variate
variation
variation's
variations
varicolored
varicose
varied
variegate
variegated
variegates
variegating
varies
varieties
variety
variety's
various
variously
varlet
varlet's
varlets
varmint
varmint's
varmints
varnish
varnish's
varnished
varnishes
varnishing
varsities
varsity
varsity's
vary
varying
vascular
vase
vase's
vasectomies
vasectomy
vasectomy's
vases
vassal
vassal's
vassalage
vassalage's
vassals
vast
vast's
vaster
vastest
vastly
vastness
vastness's
vasts
vat
vat's
vats
vatted
vatting
vaudeville
vaudeville's
vault
vault's
vaulted
vaulter
vaulter's
vaulters
vaulting
vaulting's
vaults
vaunt
vaunt's
vaunted
vaunting
vaunts
veal
veal's
vector
vector's
vectored
vectoring
vectors
veep
veep's
veeps
veer
veer's
veered
veering
veers
vegan
vegan's
vegans
vegetable
vegetable's
vegetables
vegetarian
vegetarian's
vegetarianism
vegetarianism's
vegetarians
vegetate
vegetated
vegetates
vegetating
vegetation
vegetation's
vegetative
veggie
veggie's
veggies
vehemence
vehemence's
vehement
vehemently
vehicle
vehicle's
vehicles
vehicular
veil
veil's
veiled
veiling
veils
vein
vein's
veined
veining
veins
veld
veld's
velds
veldt
veldt's
veldts
vellum
vellum's
velocities
velocity
velocity's
velour
velour's
velours
velours's
velvet
velvet's
velveteen
velveteen's
velvetier
velvetiest
velvety
venal
venality
venality's
venally
vend
vended
vender
vender's
venders
vendetta
vendetta's
vendettas
vending
vendor
vendor's
vendors
vends
veneer
veneer's
veneered
veneering
veneers
venerable
venerate
venerated
venerates
venerating
veneration
veneration's
venereal
vengeance
vengeance's
vengeful
vengefully
venial
venison
venison's
venom
venom's
venomous
venomously
venous
vent
vent's
vented
ventilate
ventilated
ventilates
ventilating
ventilation
ventilation's
ventilator
ventilator's
ventilators
venting
ventral
ventricle
ventricle's
ventricles
ventricular
ventriloquism
ventriloquism's
ventriloquist
ventriloquist's
ventriloquists
vents
venture
venture's
ventured
ventures
venturesome
venturing
venturous
venue
venue's
venues
veracious
veracity
veracity's
veranda
veranda's
verandah
verandah's
verandahs
verandas
verb
verb's
verbal
verbal's
verbalize
verbalized
verbalizes
verbalizing
verbally
verbals
verbatim
verbena
verbena's
verbenas
verbiage
verbiage's
verbose
verbosity
verbosity's
verbs
verdant
verdict
verdict's
verdicts
verdigris
verdigris's
verdigrised
verdigrises
verdigrising
verdure
verdure's
verge
verge's
verged
verges
verging
verier
veriest
verifiable
verification
verification's
verified
verifies
verify
verifying
verily
verisimilitude
verisimilitude's
veritable
veritably
verities
verity
verity's
vermicelli
vermicelli's
vermilion
vermilion's
vermillion
vermillion's
vermin
vermin's
verminous
vermouth
vermouth's
vernacular
vernacular's
vernaculars
vernal
versatile
versatility
versatility's
verse
verse's
versed
verses
versification
versification's
versified
versifies
versify
versifying
versing
version
version's
versions
versus
vertebra
vertebra's
vertebrae
vertebral
vertebras
vertebrate
vertebrate's
vertebrates
vertex
vertex's
vertexes
vertical
vertical's
vertically
verticals
vertices
vertiginous
vertigo
vertigo's
verve
verve's
very
vesicle
vesicle's
vesicles
vesper
vesper's
vespers
vessel
vessel's
vessels
vest
vest's
vested
vestibule
vestibule's
vestibules
vestige
vestige's
vestiges
vestigial
vesting
vestment
vestment's
vestments
vestries
vestry
vestry's
vests
vet
vet's
vetch
vetch's
vetches
veteran
veteran's
veterans
veterinarian
veterinarian's
veterinarians
veterinaries
veterinary
veterinary's
veto
veto's
vetoed
vetoes
vetoing
vets
vetted
vetting
vex
vexation
vexation's
vexations
vexatious
vexed
vexes
vexing
via
viability
viability's
viable
viaduct
viaduct's
viaducts
vial
vial's
vials
viand
viand's
viands
vibe
vibe's
vibes
vibes's
vibrancy
vibrancy's
vibrant
vibrantly
vibraphone
vibraphone's
vibraphones
vibrate
vibrated
vibrates
vibrating
vibration
vibration's
vibrations
vibrato
vibrato's
vibrator
vibrator's
vibrators
vibratos
viburnum
viburnum's
viburnums
vicar
vicar's
vicarage
vicarage's
vicarages
vicarious
vicariously
vicars
vice
vice's
viced
viceroy
viceroy's
viceroys
vices
vichyssoise
vichyssoise's
vicing
vicinity
vicinity's
vicious
viciously
viciousness
viciousness's
vicissitude
vicissitude's
vicissitudes
victim
victim's
victimization
victimization's
victimize
victimized
victimizes
victimizing
victims
victor
victor's
victories
victorious
victoriously
victors
victory
victory's
victual
victual's
victualed
victualing
victualled
victualling
victuals
vicuña
vicuña's
vicuñas
video
video's
videocassette
videocassette's
videocassettes
videodisc
videodisc's
videodiscs
videos
videotape
videotape's
videotaped
videotapes
videotaping
vie
vied
vies
view
view's
viewed
viewer
viewer's
viewers
viewfinder
viewfinder's
viewfinders
viewing
viewing's
viewings
viewpoint
viewpoint's
viewpoints
views
vigil
vigil's
vigilance
vigilance's
vigilant
vigilante
vigilante's
vigilantes
vigilantism
vigilantism's
vigilantly
vigils
vignette
vignette's
vignetted
vignettes
vignetting
vigor
vigor's
vigorous
vigorously
vile
vilely
vileness
vileness's
viler
vilest
vilification
vilification's
vilified
vilifies
vilify
vilifying
villa
villa's
village
village's
villager
villager's
villagers
villages
villain
villain's
villainies
villainous
villains
villainy
villainy's
villas
villein
villein's
villeins
vim
vim's
vinaigrette
vinaigrette's
vindicate
vindicated
vindicates
vindicating
vindication
vindication's
vindications
vindicator
vindicator's
vindicators
vindictive
vindictively
vindictiveness
vindictiveness's
vine
vine's
vinegar
vinegar's
vinegary
vines
vineyard
vineyard's
vineyards
vintage
vintage's
vintages
vintner
vintner's
vintners
vinyl
vinyl's
vinyls
viol
viol's
viola
viola's
violable
violas
violate
violated
violates
violating
violation
violation's
violations
violator
violator's
violators
violence
violence's
violent
violently
violet
violet's
violets
violin
violin's
violinist
violinist's
violinists
violins
violist
violist's
violists
violoncello
violoncello's
violoncellos
viols
viper
viper's
vipers
virago
virago's
viragoes
viragos
viral
vireo
vireo's
vireos
virgin
virgin's
virginal
virginal's
virginals
virginity
virginity's
virgins
virgule
virgule's
virgules
virile
virility
virility's
virology
virology's
virtual
virtually
virtue
virtue's
virtues
virtuosi
virtuosity
virtuosity's
virtuoso
virtuoso's
virtuosos
virtuous
virtuously
virtuousness
virtuousness's
virulence
virulence's
virulent
virulently
virus
virus's
viruses
visa
visa's
visaed
visage
visage's
visages
visaing
visas
viscera
visceral
viscid
viscosity
viscosity's
viscount
viscount's
viscountess
viscountess's
viscountesses
viscounts
viscous
viscus
viscus's
vise
vise's
vised
vises
visibility
visibility's
visible
visibly
vising
vision
vision's
visionaries
visionary
visionary's
visioned
visioning
visions
visit
visit's
visitation
visitation's
visitations
visited
visiting
visitor
visitor's
visitors
visits
visor
visor's
visors
vista
vista's
vistas
visual
visual's
visualization
visualization's
visualize
visualized
visualizes
visualizing
visually
visuals
vital
vitality
vitality's
vitalize
vitalized
vitalizes
vitalizing
vitally
vitals
vitals's
vitamin
vitamin's
vitamins
vitiate
vitiated
vitiates
vitiating
vitiation
vitiation's
viticulture
viticulture's
vitreous
vitriol
vitriol's
vitriolic
vituperate
vituperated
vituperates
vituperating
vituperation
vituperation's
vituperative
viva
viva's
vivace
vivacious
vivaciously
vivaciousness
vivaciousness's
vivacity
vivacity's
vivas
vivid
vivider
vividest
vividly
vividness
vividness's
vivified
vivifies
vivify
vivifying
viviparous
vivisection
vivisection's
vixen
vixen's
vixenish
vixens
vizier
vizier's
viziers
vizor
vizor's
vizors
vocabularies
vocabulary
vocabulary's
vocal
vocal's
vocalic
vocalist
vocalist's
vocalists
vocalization
vocalization's
vocalizations
vocalize
vocalized
vocalizes
vocalizing
vocally
vocals
vocation
vocation's
vocational
vocations
vocative
vocative's
vocatives
vociferate
vociferated
vociferates
vociferating
vociferation
vociferation's
vociferous
vociferously
vodka
vodka's
vogue
vogue's
vogues
voguish
voice
voice's
voiced
voiceless
voices
voicing
void
void's
voided
voiding
voids
voile
voile's
volatile
volatility
volatility's
volcanic
volcano
volcano's
volcanoes
volcanos
vole
vole's
voles
volition
volition's
volley
volley's
volleyball
volleyball's
volleyballs
volleyed
volleying
volleys
volt
volt's
voltage
voltage's
voltages
voltaic
voltmeter
voltmeter's
voltmeters
volts
volubility
volubility's
voluble
volubly
volume
volume's
volumes
voluminous
voluminously
voluntaries
voluntarily
voluntary
voluntary's
volunteer
volunteer's
volunteered
volunteering
volunteers
voluptuaries
voluptuary
voluptuary's
voluptuous
voluptuously
voluptuousness
voluptuousness's
vomit
vomit's
vomited
vomiting
vomits
voodoo
voodoo's
voodooed
voodooing
voodooism
voodooism's
voodoos
voracious
voraciously
voracity
voracity's
vortex
vortex's
vortexes
vortices
votaries
votary
votary's
vote
vote's
voted
voter
voter's
voters
votes
voting
votive
vouch
vouched
voucher
voucher's
vouchers
vouches
vouching
vouchsafe
vouchsafed
vouchsafes
vouchsafing
vow
vow's
vowed
vowel
vowel's
vowels
vowing
vows
voyage
voyage's
voyaged
voyager
voyager's
voyagers
voyages
voyaging
voyeur
voyeur's
voyeurism
voyeurism's
voyeuristic
voyeurs
vs
vulcanization
vulcanization's
vulcanize
vulcanized
vulcanizes
vulcanizing
vulgar
vulgarer
vulgarest
vulgarism
vulgarism's
vulgarisms
vulgarities
vulgarity
vulgarity's
vulgarization
vulgarization's
vulgarize
vulgarized
vulgarizes
vulgarizing
vulgarly
vulnerabilities
vulnerability
vulnerability's
vulnerable
vulnerably
vulture
vulture's
vultures
vulva
vulva's
vulvae
vulvas
vying
w
wackier
wackiest
wackiness
wackiness's
wacko
wacko's
wackos
wacky
wad
wad's
wadded
wadding
wadding's
waddle
waddle's
waddled
waddles
waddling
wade
wade's
waded
wader
wader's
waders
wades
wadi
wadi's
wading
wadis
wads
wafer
wafer's
wafers
waffle
waffle's
waffled
waffles
waffling
waft
waft's
wafted
wafting
wafts
wag
wag's
wage
wage's
waged
wager
wager's
wagered
wagering
wagers
wages
wagged
wagging
waggish
waggle
waggle's
waggled
waggles
waggling
waging
wagon
wagon's
wagoner
wagoner's
wagoners
wagons
wags
waif
waif's
waifs
wail
wail's
wailed
wailing
wails
wainscot
wainscot's
wainscoted
wainscoting
wainscoting's
wainscotings
wainscots
wainscotted
wainscotting
wainscotting's
wainscottings
waist
waist's
waistband
waistband's
waistbands
waistcoat
waistcoat's
waistcoats
waistline
waistline's
waistlines
waists
wait
wait's
waited
waiter
waiter's
waiters
waiting
waitress
waitress's
waitresses
waits
waive
waived
waiver
waiver's
waivers
waives
waiving
wake
wake's
waked
wakeful
wakefulness
wakefulness's
waken
wakened
wakening
wakens
wakes
waking
wale
wale's
waled
wales
waling
walk
walk's
walked
walker
walker's
walkers
walking
walkout
walkout's
walkouts
walks
walkway
walkway's
walkways
wall
wall's
wallabies
wallaby
wallaby's
wallboard
wallboard's
walled
wallet
wallet's
wallets
walleye
walleye's
walleyed
walleyes
wallflower
wallflower's
wallflowers
walling
wallop
wallop's
walloped
walloping
walloping's
wallopings
wallops
wallow
wallow's
wallowed
wallowing
wallows
wallpaper
wallpaper's
wallpapered
wallpapering
wallpapers
walls
walnut
walnut's
walnuts
walrus
walrus's
walruses
waltz
waltz's
waltzed
waltzes
waltzing
wampum
wampum's
wan
wand
wand's
wander
wandered
wanderer
wanderer's
wanderers
wandering
wanderlust
wanderlust's
wanderlusts
wanders
wands
wane
wane's
waned
wanes
wangle
wangle's
wangled
wangles
wangling
waning
wanly
wanna
wannabe
wannabe's
wannabes
wanner
wannest
want
want's
wanted
wanting
wanton
wanton's
wantoned
wantoning
wantonly
wantonness
wantonness's
wantons
wants
wapiti
wapiti's
wapitis
war
war's
warble
warble's
warbled
warbler
warbler's
warblers
warbles
warbling
ward
ward's
warded
warden
warden's
wardens
warder
warder's
warders
warding
wardrobe
wardrobe's
wardrobes
wardroom
wardroom's
wardrooms
wards
ware
ware's
warehouse
warehouse's
warehoused
warehouses
warehousing
wares
warfare
warfare's
warhead
warhead's
warheads
warhorse
warhorse's
warhorses
warier
wariest
warily
wariness
wariness's
warlike
warlock
warlock's
warlocks
warlord
warlord's
warlords
warm
warmed
warmer
warmer's
warmers
warmest
warmhearted
warming
warmly
warmonger
warmonger's
warmongering
warmongering's
warmongers
warms
warmth
warmth's
warn
warned
warning
warning's
warnings
warns
warp
warp's
warpath
warpath's
warpaths
warped
warping
warps
warrant
warrant's
warranted
warrantied
warranties
warranting
warrants
warranty
warranty's
warrantying
warred
warren
warren's
warrens
warring
warrior
warrior's
warriors
wars
warship
warship's
warships
wart
wart's
warthog
warthog's
warthogs
wartier
wartiest
wartime
wartime's
warts
warty
wary
was
wash
wash's
washable
washable's
washables
washbasin
washbasin's
washbasins
washboard
washboard's
washboards
washbowl
washbowl's
washbowls
washcloth
washcloth's
washcloths
washed
washer
washer's
washers
washerwoman
washerwoman's
washerwomen
washes
washing
washing's
washout
washout's
washouts
washroom
washroom's
washrooms
washstand
washstand's
washstands
washtub
washtub's
washtubs
wasn't
wasp
wasp's
waspish
wasps
wassail
wassail's
wassailed
wassailing
wassails
wastage
wastage's
waste
waste's
wastebasket
wastebasket's
wastebaskets
wasted
wasteful
wastefully
wastefulness
wastefulness's
wasteland
wasteland's
wastelands
wastepaper
wastepaper's
waster
waster's
wasters
wastes
wasting
wastrel
wastrel's
wastrels
watch
watch's
watchband
watchband's
watchbands
watchdog
watchdog's
watchdogs
watched
watcher
watcher's
watchers
watches
watchful
watchfully
watchfulness
watchfulness's
watching
watchmaker
watchmaker's
watchmakers
watchman
watchman's
watchmen
watchtower
watchtower's
watchtowers
watchword
watchword's
watchwords
water
water's
waterbed
waterbed's
waterbeds
watercolor
watercolor's
watercolors
watercourse
watercourse's
watercourses
watercraft
watercraft's
watercress
watercress's
watered
waterfall
waterfall's
waterfalls
waterfowl
waterfowl's
waterfowls
waterfront
waterfront's
waterfronts
waterier
wateriest
watering
waterline
waterline's
waterlines
waterlogged
watermark
watermark's
watermarked
watermarking
watermarks
watermelon
watermelon's
watermelons
waterpower
waterpower's
waterproof
waterproof's
waterproofed
waterproofing
waterproofing's
waterproofs
waters
waters's
watershed
watershed's
watersheds
waterside
waterside's
watersides
waterspout
waterspout's
waterspouts
watertight
waterway
waterway's
waterways
waterworks
waterworks's
watery
watt
watt's
wattage
wattage's
wattle
wattle's
wattled
wattles
wattling
watts
wave
wave's
waved
waveform
wavelength
wavelength's
wavelengths
wavelet
wavelet's
wavelets
waver
waver's
wavered
wavering
wavers
waves
wavier
waviest
waviness
waviness's
waving
wavy
wax
wax's
waxed
waxen
waxes
waxier
waxiest
waxiness
waxiness's
waxing
waxwing
waxwing's
waxwings
waxwork
waxwork's
waxworks
waxy
way
way's
wayfarer
wayfarer's
wayfarers
wayfaring
wayfaring's
wayfarings
waylaid
waylay
waylaying
waylays
ways
wayside
wayside's
waysides
wayward
waywardly
waywardness
waywardness's
we
we'd
we'll
we're
we've
weak
weaken
weakened
weakening
weakens
weaker
weakest
weakfish
weakfish's
weakfishes
weakling
weakling's
weaklings
weakly
weakness
weakness's
weaknesses
weal
weal's
weals
wealth
wealth's
wealthier
wealthiest
wealthiness
wealthiness's
wealthy
wean
weaned
weaning
weans
weapon
weapon's
weaponless
weaponry
weaponry's
weapons
wear
wear's
wearable
wearer
wearer's
wearers
wearied
wearier
wearies
weariest
wearily
weariness
weariness's
wearing
wearisome
wears
weary
wearying
weasel
weasel's
weaseled
weaseling
weasels
weather
weather's
weathercock
weathercock's
weathercocks
weathered
weathering
weathering's
weatherize
weatherized
weatherizes
weatherizing
weatherman
weatherman's
weathermen
weatherproof
weatherproofed
weatherproofing
weatherproofs
weathers
weave
weave's
weaved
weaver
weaver's
weavers
weaves
weaving
web
web's
webbed
webbing
webbing's
webmaster
webmaster's
webmasters
webmistress
webmistress's
webmistresses
webs
website
website's
websites
wed
wedded
wedder
wedding
wedding's
weddings
wedge
wedge's
wedged
wedges
wedging
wedlock
wedlock's
weds
wee
wee's
weed
weed's
weeded
weeder
weeder's
weeders
weedier
weediest
weeding
weeds
weedy
weeing
week
week's
weekday
weekday's
weekdays
weekend
weekend's
weekended
weekending
weekends
weeklies
weekly
weekly's
weeknight
weeknight's
weeknights
weeks
weep
weep's
weeper
weeper's
weepers
weepier
weepies
weepiest
weeping
weepings
weeps
weepy
weepy's
weer
wees
weest
weevil
weevil's
weevils
weft
weft's
wefts
weigh
weigh's
weighed
weighing
weighs
weight
weight's
weighted
weightier
weightiest
weightiness
weightiness's
weighting
weightless
weightlessness
weightlessness's
weightlifter
weightlifter's
weightlifters
weightlifting
weightlifting's
weights
weighty
weir
weir's
weird
weirder
weirdest
weirdly
weirdness
weirdness's
weirdo
weirdo's
weirdos
weirs
welch
welched
welches
welching
welcome
welcome's
welcomed
welcomes
welcoming
weld
weld's
welded
welder
welder's
welders
welding
welds
welfare
welfare's
welkin
welkin's
well
well's
welled
welling
wellington
wells
wellspring
wellspring's
wellsprings
welsh
welshed
welshes
welshing
welt
welt's
welted
welter
welter's
weltered
weltering
welters
welterweight
welterweight's
welterweights
welting
welts
wen
wen's
wench
wench's
wenches
wend
wended
wending
wends
wens
went
wept
were
weren't
werewolf
werewolf's
werewolves
west
west's
westbound
westerlies
westerly
westerly's
western
western's
westerner
westerner's
westerners
westernize
westernized
westernizes
westernizing
westernmost
westerns
westward
westwards
wet
wet's
wetback
wetback's
wetbacks
wetland
wetland's
wetlands
wetly
wetness
wetness's
wets
wetted
wetter
wettest
wetting
whack
whack's
whacked
whackier
whackiest
whacking
whacks
whacky
whale
whale's
whalebone
whalebone's
whaled
whaler
whaler's
whalers
whales
whaling
whaling's
wham
wham's
whammed
whammies
whamming
whammy
whammy's
whams
wharf
wharf's
wharfs
wharves
what
what's
whatchamacallit
whatchamacallit's
whatchamacallits
whatever
whatnot
whatnot's
whats
whatsoever
wheal
wheal's
wheals
wheat
wheat's
wheaten
wheedle
wheedled
wheedles
wheedling
wheel
wheel's
wheelbarrow
wheelbarrow's
wheelbarrows
wheelbase
wheelbase's
wheelbases
wheelchair
wheelchair's
wheelchairs
wheeled
wheeler
wheeling
wheels
wheelwright
wheelwright's
wheelwrights
wheeze
wheeze's
wheezed
wheezes
wheezier
wheeziest
wheezing
wheezy
whelk
whelk's
whelked
whelks
whelp
whelp's
whelped
whelping
whelps
when
when's
whence
whenever
whens
where
where's
whereabouts
whereabouts's
whereas
whereat
whereby
wherefore
wherefore's
wherefores
wherein
whereof
whereon
wheres
wheresoever
whereupon
wherever
wherewithal
wherewithal's
whet
whether
whets
whetstone
whetstone's
whetstones
whetted
whetting
whew
whey
whey's
which
whichever
whiff
whiff's
whiffed
whiffing
whiffs
while
while's
whiled
whiles
whiling
whilst
whim
whim's
whimper
whimper's
whimpered
whimpering
whimpers
whims
whimsey
whimsey's
whimseys
whimsical
whimsicality
whimsicality's
whimsically
whimsies
whimsy
whimsy's
whine
whine's
whined
whiner
whiner's
whiners
whines
whinier
whiniest
whining
whinnied
whinnies
whinny
whinny's
whinnying
whiny
whip
whip's
whipcord
whipcord's
whiplash
whiplash's
whiplashes
whipped
whippersnapper
whippersnapper's
whippersnappers
whippet
whippet's
whippets
whipping
whipping's
whippings
whippoorwill
whippoorwill's
whippoorwills
whips
whir
whir's
whirl
whirl's
whirled
whirligig
whirligig's
whirligigs
whirling
whirlpool
whirlpool's
whirlpools
whirls
whirlwind
whirlwind's
whirlwinds
whirr
whirr's
whirred
whirring
whirrs
whirs
whisk
whisk's
whisked
whisker
whisker's
whiskered
whiskers
whiskey
whiskey's
whiskeys
whiskies
whisking
whisks
whisky
whisky's
whiskys
whisper
whisper's
whispered
whispering
whispers
whist
whist's
whistle
whistle's
whistled
whistler
whistler's
whistlers
whistles
whistling
whit
whit's
white
white's
whitecap
whitecap's
whitecaps
whitefish
whitefish's
whitefishes
whiten
whitened
whitener
whitener's
whiteners
whiteness
whiteness's
whitening
whitens
whiter
whites
whitest
whitewall
whitewall's
whitewalls
whitewash
whitewash's
whitewashed
whitewashes
whitewashing
whither
whiting
whiting's
whitings
whitish
whits
whittle
whittled
whittler
whittler's
whittlers
whittles
whittling
whiz
whiz's
whizz
whizz's
whizzed
whizzes
whizzing
who
who'd
who'll
who're
who's
who've
whoa
whodunit
whodunit's
whodunits
whodunnit
whodunnit's
whodunnits
whodunnits's
whoever
whole
whole's
wholehearted
wholeheartedly
wholeness
wholeness's
wholes
wholesale
wholesale's
wholesaled
wholesaler
wholesaler's
wholesalers
wholesales
wholesaling
wholesome
wholesomeness
wholesomeness's
wholly
whom
whomever
whomsoever
whoop
whoop's
whooped
whoopee
whoopees
whooping
whoops
whoosh
whoosh's
whooshed
whooshes
whooshing
whopper
whopper's
whoppers
whopping
whore
whore's
whorehouse
whorehouse's
whorehouses
whores
whorl
whorl's
whorled
whorls
whose
whosoever
why
why's
whys
wick
wick's
wicked
wickeder
wickedest
wickedly
wickedness
wickedness's
wicker
wicker's
wickers
wickerwork
wickerwork's
wicket
wicket's
wickets
wicks
wide
widely
widen
widened
wideness
wideness's
widening
widens
wider
widespread
widest
widgeon
widgeon's
widgeons
widow
widow's
widowed
widower
widower's
widowers
widowhood
widowhood's
widowing
widows
width
width's
widths
wield
wielded
wielding
wields
wiener
wiener's
wieners
wife
wife's
wifelier
wifeliest
wifely
wig
wig's
wigeon
wigeon's
wigeons
wigged
wigging
wiggle
wiggle's
wiggled
wiggler
wiggler's
wigglers
wiggles
wigglier
wiggliest
wiggling
wiggly
wight
wight's
wights
wigs
wigwag
wigwag's
wigwagged
wigwagging
wigwags
wigwam
wigwam's
wigwams
wiki
wiki's
wikis
wild
wild's
wildcat
wildcat's
wildcats
wildcatted
wildcatting
wildebeest
wildebeest's
wildebeests
wilder
wilderness
wilderness's
wildernesses
wildest
wildfire
wildfire's
wildfires
wildflower
wildflower's
wildflowers
wildfowl
wildfowl's
wildfowls
wildlife
wildlife's
wildly
wildness
wildness's
wilds
wile
wile's
wiled
wiles
wilful
wilfully
wilfulness
wilfulness's
wilier
wiliest
wiliness
wiliness's
wiling
will
will's
willed
willful
willfully
willfulness
willfulness's
willies
willies's
willing
willingly
willingness
willingness's
willow
willow's
willowier
willowiest
willows
willowy
willpower
willpower's
wills
wilt
wilt's
wilted
wilting
wilts
wily
wimp
wimp's
wimpier
wimpiest
wimple
wimple's
wimpled
wimples
wimpling
wimps
wimpy
win
win's
wince
wince's
winced
winces
winch
winch's
winched
winches
winching
wincing
wind
wind's
windbag
windbag's
windbags
windbreak
windbreak's
windbreaker
windbreaker's
windbreakers
windbreaks
windburn
windburn's
winded
windfall
windfall's
windfalls
windier
windiest
windiness
windiness's
winding
winding's
windjammer
windjammer's
windjammers
windlass
windlass's
windlasses
windmill
windmill's
windmilled
windmilling
windmills
window
window's
windowed
windowing
windowpane
windowpane's
windowpanes
windows
windowsill
windowsill's
windowsills
windpipe
windpipe's
windpipes
winds
windscreen
windscreen's
windscreens
windshield
windshield's
windshields
windsock
windsock's
windsocks
windstorm
windstorm's
windstorms
windsurf
windsurfed
windsurfing
windsurfing's
windsurfs
windswept
windup
windup's
windups
windward
windward's
windy
wine
wine's
wined
wineglass
wineglass's
wineglasses
wineries
winery
winery's
wines
wing
wing's
winged
winger
wingers
winging
wingless
wings
wingspan
wingspan's
wingspans
wingspread
wingspread's
wingspreads
wingtip
wingtip's
wingtips
wining
wink
wink's
winked
winking
winks
winner
winner's
winners
winning
winning's
winnings
winnow
winnowed
winnowing
winnows
wino
wino's
winos
wins
winsome
winsomely
winsomer
winsomest
winter
winter's
wintered
wintergreen
wintergreen's
winterier
winteriest
wintering
winterize
winterized
winterizes
winterizing
winters
wintertime
wintertime's
wintery
wintrier
wintriest
wintry
wipe
wipe's
wiped
wiper
wiper's
wipers
wipes
wiping
wire
wire's
wired
wireless
wireless's
wirelesses
wires
wiretap
wiretap's
wiretapped
wiretapping
wiretaps
wirier
wiriest
wiriness
wiriness's
wiring
wiring's
wiry
wisdom
wisdom's
wise
wise's
wiseacre
wiseacre's
wiseacres
wisecrack
wisecrack's
wisecracked
wisecracking
wisecracks
wisely
wiser
wises
wisest
wish
wish's
wishbone
wishbone's
wishbones
wished
wisher
wisher's
wishers
wishes
wishful
wishfully
wishing
wisp
wisp's
wispier
wispiest
wisps
wispy
wist
wistaria
wistaria's
wistarias
wisteria
wisteria's
wisterias
wistful
wistfully
wistfulness
wistfulness's
wit
wit's
witch
witch's
witchcraft
witchcraft's
witched
witchery
witchery's
witches
witching
with
withal
withdraw
withdrawal
withdrawal's
withdrawals
withdrawing
withdrawn
withdraws
withdrew
wither
withered
withering
withers
withers's
withheld
withhold
withholding
withholding's
withholds
within
within's
without
withstand
withstanding
withstands
withstood
witless
witlessly
witness
witness's
witnessed
witnesses
witnessing
wits
wits's
witticism
witticism's
witticisms
wittier
wittiest
wittily
wittiness
wittiness's
witting
wittingly
witty
wive
wives
wiz
wiz's
wizard
wizard's
wizardry
wizardry's
wizards
wizened
wizes
wizzes
wobble
wobble's
wobbled
wobbles
wobblier
wobbliest
wobbling
wobbly
woe
woe's
woebegone
woeful
woefuller
woefullest
woefully
woes
wok
wok's
woke
woken
woks
wolf
wolf's
wolfed
wolfhound
wolfhound's
wolfhounds
wolfing
wolfish
wolfram
wolfram's
wolfs
wolverine
wolverine's
wolverines
wolves
woman
woman's
womanhood
womanhood's
womanish
womanize
womanized
womanizer
womanizer's
womanizers
womanizes
womanizing
womankind
womankind's
womanlier
womanliest
womanlike
womanlike's
womanliness
womanliness's
womanly
womb
womb's
wombat
wombat's
wombats
wombs
women
womenfolk
womenfolk's
womenfolks
womenfolks's
won
won's
won't
wonder
wonder's
wondered
wonderful
wonderfully
wondering
wonderland
wonderland's
wonderlands
wonderment
wonderment's
wonders
wondrous
wondrously
wont
wont's
wonted
woo
wood
wood's
woodbine
woodbine's
woodcarving
woodcarving's
woodcarvings
woodchuck
woodchuck's
woodchucks
woodcock
woodcock's
woodcocks
woodcraft
woodcraft's
woodcut
woodcut's
woodcuts
woodcutter
woodcutter's
woodcutters
woodcutting
woodcutting's
wooded
wooden
woodener
woodenest
woodenly
woodenness
woodenness's
woodier
woodies
woodiest
woodiness
woodiness's
wooding
woodland
woodland's
woodlands
woodman
woodman's
woodmen
woodpecker
woodpecker's
woodpeckers
woodpile
woodpile's
woodpiles
woods
woods's
woodshed
woodshed's
woodsheds
woodsier
woodsiest
woodsman
woodsman's
woodsmen
woodsy
woodwind
woodwind's
woodwinds
woodwork
woodwork's
woodworking
woodworking's
woodworm
woody
woody's
wooed
wooer
wooer's
wooers
woof
woof's
woofed
woofer
woofer's
woofers
woofing
woofs
wooing
wool
wool's
woolen
woolen's
woolens
woolgathering
woolgathering's
woolie
woolie's
woolier
woolies
wooliest
woollier
woollies
woolliest
woolliness
woolliness's
woolly
woolly's
wooly
wooly's
woos
woozier
wooziest
wooziness
wooziness's
woozy
word
word's
worded
wordier
wordiest
wordiness
wordiness's
wording
wording's
wordings
wordplay
wordplay's
words
wordy
wore
work
work's
workable
workaday
workaholic
workaholic's
workaholics
workbench
workbench's
workbenches
workbook
workbook's
workbooks
workday
workday's
workdays
worked
worker
worker's
workers
workfare
workfare's
workforce
workforce's
workhorse
workhorse's
workhorses
workhouse
workhouse's
workhouses
working
working's
workingman
workingman's
workingmen
workings
workings's
workload
workload's
workloads
workman
workman's
workmanlike
workmanship
workmanship's
workmen
workout
workout's
workouts
workplace
workplace's
workplaces
works
works's
worksheet
worksheet's
worksheets
workshop
workshop's
workshops
workstation
workstation's
workstations
workweek
workweek's
workweeks
world
world's
worldlier
worldliest
worldliness
worldliness's
worldly
worlds
worldwide
worm
worm's
wormed
wormhole
wormhole's
wormholes
wormier
wormiest
worming
worms
wormwood
wormwood's
wormy
worn
worried
worrier
worrier's
worriers
worries
worrisome
worry
worry's
worrying
worryings
worrywart
worrywart's
worrywarts
worse
worse's
worsen
worsened
worsening
worsens
worship
worship's
worshiped
worshiper
worshiper's
worshipers
worshipful
worshiping
worshipped
worshipper
worshipper's
worshippers
worshipping
worships
worst
worst's
worsted
worsted's
worsting
worsts
worth
worth's
worthier
worthies
worthiest
worthily
worthiness
worthiness's
worthless
worthlessness
worthlessness's
worthwhile
worthy
worthy's
wot
would
would've
wouldn't
woulds
wound
wound's
wounded
wounder
wounding
wounds
wove
woven
wow
wow's
wowed
wowing
wows
wrack
wrack's
wraith
wraith's
wraiths
wrangle
wrangle's
wrangled
wrangler
wrangler's
wranglers
wrangles
wrangling
wrap
wrap's
wraparound
wraparound's
wraparounds
wrapped
wrapper
wrapper's
wrappers
wrapping
wrapping's
wrappings
wraps
wrapt
wrath
wrath's
wrathful
wrathfully
wreak
wreaked
wreaking
wreaks
wreath
wreath's
wreathe
wreathed
wreathes
wreathing
wreaths
wreck
wreck's
wreckage
wreckage's
wrecked
wrecker
wrecker's
wreckers
wrecking
wrecks
wren
wren's
wrench
wrench's
wrenched
wrenches
wrenching
wrens
wrest
wrest's
wrested
wresting
wrestle
wrestle's
wrestled
wrestler
wrestler's
wrestlers
wrestles
wrestling
wrestling's
wrests
wretch
wretch's
wretched
wretcheder
wretchedest
wretchedly
wretchedness
wretchedness's
wretches
wrier
wriest
wriggle
wriggle's
wriggled
wriggler
wriggler's
wrigglers
wriggles
wrigglier
wriggliest
wriggling
wriggly
wright
wring
wring's
wringer
wringer's
wringers
wringing
wrings
wrinkle
wrinkle's
wrinkled
wrinkles
wrinklier
wrinklies
wrinkliest
wrinkling
wrinkly
wrinkly's
wrist
wrist's
wristband
wristband's
wristbands
wrists
wristwatch
wristwatch's
wristwatches
writ
writ's
writable
write
writer
writer's
writers
writes
writhe
writhe's
writhed
writhes
writhing
writing
writing's
writings
writs
written
wrong
wrong's
wrongdoer
wrongdoer's
wrongdoers
wrongdoing
wrongdoing's
wrongdoings
wronged
wronger
wrongest
wrongful
wrongfully
wrongfulness
wrongfulness's
wrongheaded
wrongheadedly
wrongheadedness
wrongheadedness's
wronging
wrongly
wrongness
wrongness's
wrongs
wrote
wroth
wrought
wrung
wry
wryer
wryest
wryly
wryness
wryness's
wuss
wuss's
wusses
x
xenon
xenon's
xenophobia
xenophobia's
xenophobic
xerographic
xerography
xerography's
xylem
xylem's
xylophone
xylophone's
xylophones
xylophonist
xylophonist's
xylophonists
y
y'all
yacht
yacht's
yachted
yachting
yachting's
yachts
yachtsman
yachtsman's
yachtsmen
yack
yack's
yacked
yacking
yacks
yahoo
yahoo's
yahoos
yak
yak's
yakked
yakking
yaks
yam
yam's
yammer
yammer's
yammered
yammering
yammers
yams
yank
yank's
yanked
yanking
yanks
yap
yap's
yapped
yapping
yaps
yard
yard's
yardage
yardage's
yardages
yardarm
yardarm's
yardarms
yards
yardstick
yardstick's
yardsticks
yarmulke
yarmulke's
yarmulkes
yarn
yarn's
yarns
yaw
yaw's
yawed
yawing
yawl
yawl's
yawls
yawn
yawn's
yawned
yawning
yawns
yaws
yaws's
ye
yea
yea's
yeah
yeah's
yeahs
year
year's
yearbook
yearbook's
yearbooks
yearlies
yearling
yearling's
yearlings
yearly
yearly's
yearn
yearned
yearning
yearning's
yearnings
yearns
years
yeas
yeast
yeast's
yeastier
yeastiest
yeasts
yeasty
yell
yell's
yelled
yelling
yellow
yellow's
yellowed
yellower
yellowest
yellowing
yellowish
yellows
yells
yelp
yelp's
yelped
yelping
yelps
yen
yen's
yens
yeoman
yeoman's
yeomen
yep
yep's
yeps
yes
yes's
yeses
yeshiva
yeshiva's
yeshivah
yeshivah's
yeshivahs
yeshivas
yeshivot
yeshivoth
yessed
yessing
yest
yesterday
yesterday's
yesterdays
yesteryear
yesteryear's
yet
yeti
yew
yew's
yews
yield
yield's
yielded
yielding
yieldings
yields
yip
yip's
yipped
yippee
yipping
yips
yo
yock
yock's
yocks
yodel
yodel's
yodeled
yodeler
yodeler's
yodelers
yodeling
yodelled
yodeller
yodeller's
yodellers
yodelling
yodels
yoga
yoga's
yoghourt
yoghourt's
yoghourts
yoghurt
yoghurt's
yoghurts
yogi
yogi's
yogin
yogin's
yogins
yogis
yogurt
yogurt's
yogurts
yoke
yoke's
yoked
yokel
yokel's
yokels
yokes
yoking
yolk
yolk's
yolks
yon
yonder
yore
yore's
you
you'd
you'll
you're
you's
you've
young
young's
younger
youngest
youngish
youngster
youngster's
youngsters
your
yours
yourself
yourselves
yous
youth
youth's
youthful
youthfully
youthfulness
youthfulness's
youths
yowl
yowl's
yowled
yowling
yowls
yttrium
yttrium's
yucca
yucca's
yuccas
yuck
yuck's
yucked
yuckier
yuckiest
yucking
yucks
yucky
yuk
yuk's
yukked
yukking
yuks
yule
yule's
yuletide
yuletide's
yum
yummier
yummiest
yummy
yup
yup's
yuppie
yuppie's
yuppies
yuppy
yuppy's
yups
z
zanier
zanies
zaniest
zaniness
zaniness's
zany
zany's
zap
zap's
zapped
zapping
zaps
zeal
zeal's
zealot
zealot's
zealots
zealous
zealously
zealousness
zealousness's
zebra
zebra's
zebras
zebu
zebu's
zebus
zed
zed's
zeds
zenith
zenith's
zeniths
zephyr
zephyr's
zephyrs
zeppelin
zeppelin's
zeppelins
zero
zero's
zeroed
zeroes
zeroing
zeros
zest
zest's
zestful
zestfully
zests
zeta
zigzag
zigzag's
zigzagged
zigzagging
zigzags
zilch
zilch's
zillion
zillion's
zillions
zinc
zinc's
zinced
zincing
zincked
zincking
zincs
zing
zing's
zinged
zinger
zinger's
zingers
zinging
zings
zinnia
zinnia's
zinnias
zip
zip's
zipped
zipper
zipper's
zippered
zippering
zippers
zippier
zippiest
zipping
zippy
zips
zircon
zircon's
zirconium
zirconium's
zircons
zit
zit's
zither
zither's
zithers
zits
zodiac
zodiac's
zodiacal
zodiacs
zombi
zombi's
zombie
zombie's
zombies
zombis
zonal
zone
zone's
zoned
zones
zoning
zonked
zoo
zoo's
zoological
zoologist
zoologist's
zoologists
zoology
zoology's
zoom
zoom's
zoomed
zooming
zooms
zoos
zucchini
zucchini's
zucchinis
zwieback
zwieback's
zygote
zygote's
zygotes
Ångström
éclair
éclair's
éclairs
éclat
éclat's
élan
élan's
émigré
émigré's
émigrés
épée
épée's
épées
étude
étude's
études
